“	Akira Kiyosumi. That is the name of the one who has hidden herself behind a mask... my real name.	„
~ Akira tells Sensei her real name.	
Akira Kiyosumi is a major antagonist in the 2021 roleplay RPG game, Blue Archive. She's a classy cat-buglar known as the Phantom Thief of Affection and is one of the members of the Seven Prisoners. She is the main antagonist of the event where she first appeared: Warning of White Chalk - Where Aesthetics Reside in the Mansion of Deception.


Contents
1	Personality
2	Biography
2.1	Event Story: Warning of White Chalk - Where Aesthetics Reside in the Mansion of Deception
3	Trivia
4	External Links
5	Navigation
Advertisement
Personality
Titled the Phantom Thief of Affection, she is known for stealing various yet certain artifacts and artworks and leaving behind cryptic notices to those who hold her targeted objects. She claims to only steal items belonging to those who don't understand its artistic values and will keep said items until people truly realized its aesthetics. She also doesn't intend any harm on others unless they truly deserve it or if they are in her way, but even then she would avoid firing as much as possible.

Biography
Event Story: Warning of White Chalk - Where Aesthetics Reside in the Mansion of Deception
The story begins in Millennium Science School, where a student named Momoi Saiba from the Game Development Department (GDD for short) was playing at an arcade where she was seen mashing the controls out of panic. People around her began taking notice of her mashing and associated her with someone else who does the same, also known as Neru Mikamo. When people began calling Momoi as Neru, one person heard about it and quickly approached Momoi, asking her to follow him. He introduced himself as Meitaro, and that he heard of Neru who was part of Cleaning & Clearing (C&C for short). He thought Momoi was Neru from C&C and requested C&C's help in safeguarding his mansion. Momoi wanted to reject his request, but she saw the hefty payment and accepted it. Later on, Momoi brought in the rest of the GDD members, who were pretending to be C&C, and Sensei, who was there as their advisor.

The GDD arrived at Meitaro's mansion, but instead of their usual uniforms, they were wearing maid outfits for the occasion. When Meitaro noticed their arrival, he claimed that his mansion was going to be attacked by Akira, the Phantom Thief of Affection. No one knew of her real name though, so they just went with her title. Meitaro also showed them the cryptic letter that was left behind, which definitely had some hints hidden in the message. The GDD took some time to decipher what the letter meant and came to the conclusion that Akira was targetting a specific painting Meitaro had. Hearing this, Meitaro was elated to know what Akira was targeting and assigned the GDD to protect it for three days as he's holding an event throughout that time period.

In the beginning of the first day, the GDD proceeded to act as maids around the mansion as they kept guard. Since it was their first time working as maids, they made several flaws, but the flaws were fixed the moment it happened by someone else. Turns out, it was Toki Asuma, one of the members of C&C. She wanted to help them as well, so she requested to see the mysterious letter. As she was talking with the GDD and Sensei, the lights turned off and Akira made her first appearance as the lights turned back on. Toki noticed her and quickly gave chase, but Akira was quite nimble herself. Akira underestimated Toki and the GDD, but she didn't know about Aris Tendou, one of the GDD members, and what she can do with her weapon. Aris then fired her railgun at Akira, weakening her greatly. The fight stopped temporarily, and Sensei began asking why Akira was stealing art, but before she could give a full answer, Meitaro and his guards appeared and tried to attack her, accidentally hitting Midori and knocking her out. As Midori was about to fall however, Akira rescued her. Akira then made her escape before Meitaro arrived to check on the GDD, but before she left, she told the GDD that they hadn't seen the full picture. Meitaro noticed Toki who he didn't see before, so Sensei told him that she's the fifth member of C&C and that she was going to arrive later.

The second day arrived and the GDD were getting better at their job. Amidst the event being held there, the lights turned off again, but for some reason, the participants were not panicking, as if they're already anticipating the Phantom Thief's defeat. However, Akira didn't appear physically during the blackout, but rather in the form of a secret call towards Sensei. Akira told Sensei that time was running out and that they were being fooled. She didn't elaborate any further and disconnected the call, leaving Sensei curious. Sensei then told the news to Toki and the GDD, and after some rethinking about the mysterious letter, Toki realized what could be the real meaning behind the letter. She headed towards a statue of a dancer standing side by side with a clock and altered its direction, opening a secret stairway. When they reached the bottom of the stairs, they found a secret auction room where stolen items were being auctioned. Meitaro noticed their presence and summoned his guards. In the midst of the fight however, darkness and smoke filled the room, and Akira bailed Toki, the GDD, and Sensei out of the mansion.

Although both sides had different intentions, their target was the artifact Meitaro was holding, so they decided to form a temporary alliance. They then made a plan together, returned back to the mansion and split off according to the plan. The mansion's security was tightened by the amount of guards around the area, but they were able to sneak in and approach Meitaro inside the auction room. After they defeated Meitaro however, Akira took away the artifact he was holding and now the GDD and Toki had to fight against her to reclaim the artifact back. They were able to emerge victorious, and Akira had no choice but to leave the artifact to their hands. However, she proceeded to call Sensei the same way before and explain to Sensei about her intentions. Despite Akira's wrongdoing though, Sensei was willing to listen her out and extend a helping hand if she ever needed, which made Akira fall in love with Sensei. Later on, it was found out that Akira had been recording Sensei's voice and repeating it again and again.

Advertisement
Trivia
She is second member of the Seven Prisoners to appear, with the first being Wakamo Kosaka.
The mystery, or motif, that she possesses is believed to be Katsushi. She is also called Katsushi because Akira's color-inverted photograph matches the lore depiction of Katsushi, and just as Akira is a thief, Katsushi steals people's souls.

---
“	Kiyosumi Akira. That is the name of the one who has hidden herself behind a mask... my real name.	”
~ Kiyosumi Akira

Kiyosumi Akira (清澄アキラ) is a non-playable character in Blue Archive who is a member of the Seven Prisoners.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.3.1	Halo
1.3.2	Uniform
1.3.3	Firearm
2	Etymology
3	Trivia
4	Navigation
Advertisement
Profile
One of the Seven Prisoners, Akira is known as Benevolent Thief for stealing anything and everything her heart desires.

Introduction
Akira is a phantom thief, going under the alias of the Phantom Thief of Affection (慈愛の怪盗). She is one of the Seven Prisoners, a group of seven criminals who escaped the Federal Corrections Bureau.

Personality
She is known for stealing various yet certain artifacts and artworks and leaving behind cryptic notices to those who hold her targeted objects. She claims to only steal items belonging to those who don't understand its artistic values and will keep said items until people truly realized its aesthetics. She also doesn't intend any harm on others unless they truly deserve it or if they are in her way, but even then she would avoid firing as much as possible.

Much like Wakamo, she has also fallen in love with Sensei, practically to the point of obsession, since they were willing to listen to and assist her if ever needed.

Appearance
Akira has wavy white hair with a tinge of pink that extends below her waist, tied into a half-up. While her eyes are normally covered by a white domino mask, they are a vibrant shade of pinkish-red. Much like her hair, her eyelashes and brows are white. She has a pair of white feline ears and a feline tail.

Halo
The central part of the halo is a hollow triangle pointing downwards intersected by three hollow arrowheads, with three thinner yet solid arrowheads around it.

Uniform
She wears a white poet shirt with golden buttons, complimented by a dark navy-blue bow brooch with a red gem. Around her neck is a black choker, and draped over her shoulders is a white cloak. Her shirt is tucked into a pair of white riding breeches, and on her feet are white high heels. Additionally, she wears a pair of white gloves over her hands, as well as a white belt with pouches around her waist.

Firearm
She uses a white Remington 1866 Derringer pistol with a blue grip. She also has a percussion cap cane gun with a silver barrel and dark blue furniture.

Etymology
Kiyosumi means "pure, cleanse" (清) and "clear" (澄), combining to form a word that means "serene."
Trivia
Akira is the second member of the Seven Prisoners to be revealed, with the first being Kosaka Wakamo.

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
N/A	N/A	N/A
School Club / Affiliation(s)
Seven Prisoners
Occupation
Phantom Thief
Hobby
N/A
---
Full Name
Akira Kiyosumi
Alias
Phantom Thief of Affection
Origin
Blue Archive
Occupation
Classy cat-buglar
Member of the Seven Prisoners

Powers / Skills
High-Level Intelligence
Charisma
Gunwomenship
Master Markswomen
Master Combatant
Master Martial Artist
Stealth Mastery
Exceptional Willpower
Skilled Tactician
Artificially Enhanced Physiology:

Superhuman Strength
Superhuman Durability
Superhuman Mobility
Superhuman Stamina
Superhuman Agility
Superhuman Reflexes
Superhuman Metabolism
Superhuman Resilience
Superhuman Senses
Advanced Healing Factor
Contaminant Immunity
Nigh-Invulnerability
Self-Sustenance
Goals
Steal the Clock King's crown.
Crimes
Theft
Jailbreak
Conspiracy
Illegal recording

Type of Villain
Charismatic Thief