“	Didn't you say...you would follow Rin to the ends of the universe...with me?	„
~ Ayumu to Momoka	

Contents
1	Introduction
2	Personality
3	Trivia
4	External Links
5	Navigation
Advertisement
Introduction
Ayumu Iwabitsu (岩櫃アユム in Japanese) is one of the characters in the 2021 roleplay game Blue Archive who works at the General Student Council, a council that oversees all of Kivotos, the location where the game's setting takes place. She specifically works in the Arbitration Office. She is also the secretary of Rin Nanagami, the Acting President of Kivotos, and is responsible for assisting the Sensei of Schale, the main character of Blue Archive, regarding Achievements.

Ayumu made her first appearance during the first chapter of the fourth volume, the "Rabbit of Caerbannog", where she played as a supporting character and as an introductory to the main characters of that chapter. However, she played as one of the supporting protagonists throughout all four chapters of the final volume, "Where All Miracles Begin", where she assisted in attempting to prevent a world-ending apocalypse.

Personality
Ayumu boasts a hard-working and determined personality, willing to lend a hand in any situation the best she can. Despite her timid and easily flustered character, she proves to be capable with any tasks she's been given and gets serious when doing them. Although she is also quite clumsy, occasionally tripping and dropping the items she's holding, be it piles of documents or other important stuff, she strives to be efficient and capable as everyone else. She admires Sensei due to their capability of finishing their work quickly and easily and strives to be like them.


---
“	I want to be able to do work more like Sensei...	”
~ Iwabitsu Ayumu

Iwabitsu Ayumu (岩櫃アユム) is a non-playable character in Blue Archive who serves as Rin's secretary and is also a member of the General Student Council's Arbitration Office.

She assists Sensei in Achievement.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.3.1	Halo
1.3.2	Uniform
1.3.3	Firearm
2	Trivia
3	References
4	Navigation
Advertisement
Profile
Introduction
A well-mannered and soft-spoken girl that serves both as a member of the General Student Council's Arbitration Office and also as the Executive Officer's secretary. Although Ayumu is a bit shy and easily becomes flustered, she is a hard worker who is serious about her work.

Personality
Ayumu can be quite shy and a bit clumsy, but she is no doubt a hard and determined worker. She admires Sensei for being able to complete their work so efficiently and wants to be like them.

Appearance
Ayumu has long wavy blonde hair and green eyes. On her forehead is a blue crystal and two black, angelic wings that extend from her lower back.

Halo
Her halo is two concentric yellow rings. Each ring is composed of two stars with trails, each appearing as if they're chasing one another.

Uniform
She wears a white sheath-like dress with sleeves and blue accents. She also wears a small blue tie and white heels.

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
N/A	N/A	N/A
School Year
Second Year
School Club / Affiliation(s)
General Student Council
Occupation
Executive Officer's Secretary
Hobby
N/A
---
Full Name
Ayumu Iwabitsu
Alias(es)
N/A
Origin
Blue Archive
Occupation
General Student Council's Arbitration Office Student
Executive Officer Secretary
Powers / Skills
Above-Normal Intelligence
Hand-to-hand Combat Skills
Martial Arts Instinct
High Pain Tolerance
Indomitable Will
Mutate-Physiology:

Superhuman Strength
Superhuman Durability
Superhuman Resilience
Superhuman Reflexes
Superhuman Stamina
Superhuman Senses
Superhuman Agility
Superhuman Survivability
Pain Immunity
Superhuman Metabolism
Nigh-Invulnerability
Immortality
Enhanced Healing Factor
Self-Sustenance
Hobby
N/A
Goals
Become a better assistant
Family
Unknown
Friends / Allies
SCHALE
Sensei
General Student Council

Rin Nanagami
Momoka Yuragi
Enemies
Kaya Shiranui
Type of Hero
Supporter