Open-World

After completing Trailblaze Mission Hero, Bear Thy Coreflame, Castorice will appear in "Eternal Holy City" Okhema. She will disappear and be replaced with a Fragments of Recollection after completing Trailblaze Mission Witch's Mirrored Reversal:
View map: "Eternal Holy City" Okhema Floor 1
"Eternal Holy City" Okhema Floor 1
Hall of RespiteCastorice
Map Location
Castorice
Voice Lines

(Version 1)

        "Pardon me... could you please maintain a safe distance?"

(Version 2)

        "Is your skin also... as cold as ice?"

Dialogue

(Dialogue may be triggered by getting too close to Castorice or through regular interaction)
    Castorice: Please be careful, (Mr./Miss) (Trailblazer). Don't get too close... Sorry, this is for your safety. I do not have any objection to your presence.
    Castorice: Is there something you wish to discuss with me, (mister/miss)?
    Castorice, let's chat.

        Castorice: I would love to... although I very rarely converse with others. I am not gifted with communication... Please do not be offended, (mister/miss).
    (Available after completing Passage, Reveal the Past Once More, disappears after completing Witch's Mirrored Reversal)
        Lately, my impression of you has changed.

            Castorice: Oh? Really? If I may ask, when and because of what did your impression change?
            When we went to the Grove together.

                Castorice: Indeed, traveling together often reveals sides of a friend that were previously unseen. Even Trianne, whom I've known for so long, showed hidden sides of her personality on this trip to the Grove.
                Castorice: As for you... you, too, showed me a side I didn't know. For example, while you're as carefree and pure as Trianne, you're also incredibly reliable in critical moments.
                Castorice: Oh? What was my first impression of you? Funny story — when I first saw you standing with Phainon, I thought Okhema had welcomed yet another upright Deliverer.

            You're good at taking care of other people's emotions.

                Castorice: Ah, thank you for the compliment... I suppose I have to thank the thousand years I've spent brushing shoulders with death. As an executioner, I've trained myself to deeply understand the minds of those nearing their end...
                Castorice: Why are you silent? And... what does this phrase "black comedy" mean...?

            You're much more approachable and interesting than my first impression of you.

                Castorice: Ah, I'm glad you think so. I've spent much of my life in seclusion, bearing the curse of death, so it's been a long time since I made new friends. Perhaps my initial impression does come across as cold.
                Castorice: Lady Aglaea once advised me to be gentler and more amiable in my demeanor. But people either avoid me altogether or treat me with great reverence — this distance is not so easily bridged.

            Castorice: Let me take your words as encouragement, then. I hope that in the near future, you'll see even more welcoming changes in me.

        What do you like to do normally?

            Castorice: Read books... visit graves... admiring flowers... and make ornaments.
            Very niche hobbies.

                Castorice: Indeed. It is difficult for me to work alongside others due to my curse. I have no choice but to find hobbies I can enjoy alone.

            Let me see what you made.

                Castorice: Ah... I made all of these butterfly and flower accessories on my dress...

            So cute!

                Castorice: Oh, cute... Thank you.

            Castorice: I have read all of the books in the Okhema archives. I prefer books on history and culture. My favorite story is about a princess that becomes a dragon...
            Castorice: Please do not laugh at me. A legend is a precious crystal that is born over the course of millennia. Take the famous Titan mythology of Amphoreus. If you have time to learn about it, you will be shocked by its vastness and exquisite detail.
            Castorice: As for visiting graves... Many of the deceased around the graveyards of Okhema were personally embalmed by me. I periodically go to their tombs to dust... I'm not sure why but I'm always concerned that somehow they cannot rest in peace.
            Castorice: Ornamet-making [sic] is the way I preserve things of beauty, such as butterflies and dried flowers... I sew them onto special silk fabric so they look like they never lost their lives.
            Castorice: I learned sewing techniques from lady [sic] Aglaea to ensure that I do not damage them in the process. I could gift you some in the future if you'd like to have some.

        The people of Okhema seem to fear you.

            Castorice: They cannot be blamed for this. I am the "mortician" in the holy city. I was also once... the holy maiden who oversaw warfare in Aidonia. In their eyes, I am no more than a walking envoy of death.
            I would like to hear your story.

                Castorice: I have no memories of the time before I came to Aidonia. From what I'm told, I was merely a drifter who wandered the wastelands until Aidonia took me in.

            I'd like to hear stories about Aidonia.

                Castorice: Aidonia is a city that follows Thanatos. Its residents see death with no fear... Unlike the Kremnoans longing to die in battle, the Aidonians see death as the a [sic] blessed final destination for life.
                Castorice: However, that does not mean that Aidonians do not treasure life. On the contrary, they believe that it is only by living a long life and tempering oneself will one gain a soul tenacious enough to cross the River of Souls and meet Thanatos.
                Castorice: The Aidonian found me in the wilds. They strongly believed that I had received the blessing of the Titan of Death, that my hands could spare them from the River of Souls and send them straight to the great Thanatos.
                Castorice: So, I was revered as the "Maiden of War"... Only I could grant the deceased Aidonian warriors the comfort and respect that they deserve.

        Tell me about the Titans!

            Castorice: I never would have thought that you were also interested in the mythological tales of Amphoreus, (mister/miss)! As luck would have it, I have collected many interesting stories over my long years. What kind of tale would you like to hear?
            I want to hear a formal historical account!

                Castorice: I fear you may be disappointed, (mister/miss). The majority of Amphoreus' history comes from bards recounting stories of ancient times. These stories are then recorded into words by third parties. Distortions of the truth are inevitable.
                Castorice: Perhaps the story that best fits the description of "a formal historical account" is the myth of Amphoreus' creation that the bath sprites have been telling.
                Castorice: However, I have other interesting stories that I could share with you. That is, if you do not mind.

            I want to hear historical rumors and gossip!

                Castorice: I do have a number of interesting stories that I could share with you. That is, if you do not mind.

            Castorice: For instance... The story of Zagreus.
            Castorice: Legend has it that Zagreus used to enjoy playing pranks on the other gods, stealing Talanton's scales and Phagousa's wine glass. To put an end to their misdoings, the gods fastened a star to Zagreus' body to reveal their whereabouts at all times.
            Castorice: Another story that I have heard is that the Titans Phagousa and Georios cannot stand each other. Legend states that when it rains in Amphoreus, this is actually Phagousa taunting Georios after having gotten Aquila drunk.
            Castorice: So, Georios formed an alliance with Cerces to have plants shelter the land and block the sound of Phagousa's endless waves and rain.
            Castorice: There are even more bizarre legends than these: It is said that Nikador did something to Talanton, which is...
            Castorice: Ah, my apologies. I got caught up in my stories and ended up rambling. I'm so sorry to have wasted your time. I rarely get an opportunity to speak so freely with a friend... I am truly grateful.

        That's all I wanted to talk about. Goodbye!

            Castorice: Okay, farewell. Let's talk again when we get a chance.

    That's all I wanted to talk about. Goodbye!

        Castorice: Okay, farewell. Let's talk again when we get a chance.

(Obtain Memory Crystal Shard Memory Crystal Shard ×1, one-time only)

(Available after completing Witch's Mirrored Reversal)
    Castorice is now in the nether realm, guarding the cycle of life and death for Amphoreus. What you see now is simply a reflection, a lingering shadow of the past.
    Castorice: Is there something you wish to discuss with me, (mister/miss)?
    Castorice, let's chat.

        Castorice: I would love to... although I very rarely converse with others. I am not gifted with communication... Please do not be offended, (mister/miss).
        I want... to give you a hug.

            The fragment of memory seems to waver — words once spoken are reappearing now due to the emotion they contain...
            Castorice: Thank you for fulfilling this wish of mine.
            Castorice: The shore across... is cold, and is also referred to as the land of sorrows.
            Castorice: Yet with this heartbeat, and the warmth of that embrace, the nether realm somehow seems to be a gentle sanctuary.
            Thank you for bringing me back to the mortal world.

                Castorice: I knew you could do it.
                Castorice: And now, I can finally be certain...
                Castorice: My touch and embrace can do more than just bring ice-cold loss...
                Castorice: They also carry with them the warmth of life.

            You're... not coming back?

                Castorice: I will stay here and embrace my destiny.
                Castorice: I will illuminate the cold shadow of death.

            In the nether realm, don't forget to send me a "nether postcard."

                Castorice: ...
                The shadow of the memory remains silent, for this conversation never truly occurred.

            Castorice: Farewell, then. May we... reunite in the new world.
---
Data Bank
Title and Requirements	Details
初対面
(First Meeting)
	 オクヘイマへようこそ、私はキャストリスと申します——あ…ごめんなさい、人と距離をとってしまうのは私の癖のようなものでして。もう少し傍に行くこともできないわけではないのです…その、あなたさえよければですが……
挨拶
(Greeting)
	 寒いのですか？でしたら…陽光の下を一緒に散歩するのはどうでしょう。
お別れ
(Parting)
	 別れの時はあっという間に来てしまいますね——どうか歩みが止まることなく、それぞれの道を進み続けられますように。
自分について・務め
(About Self: Duty)
	 今の私の務めは、犠牲となった黄金裔とタイタンに哀悼の意を捧げること。この世を去る最期の瞬間…彼らの目に映るのが果てのない暗闇ではなく、安らぎに満ちた花畑であってほしいと願っています。
自分について・過去1
(About Self: Past 1)
	 かつての私は、独りきりで彷徨っていました。まるで群れからはぐれて、行く先もわからない蝶のように…ですが今は違います——火を追う旅やオクヘイマで出会った仲間、そして道中で出会ってきた人々が、次に羽ばたいていくべき方向を教えてくれているからです。
自分について・過去2
(About Self: Past 2)
Witch's Mirrored Reversal
	 妹は生の機会を、スティコシアの人々は生の祝福を、そしてエイジリアの伝統は生の意味を初めて私に与えてくれました…私はこれらの祝福をもっと多くの人々に届けたい——「生きたい」、「生きてほしい」という願いは、決して1人だけのものではないのです。
世間話
(Chat)
	 本を読む時は自分を登場人物に見立てて、その世界に入り込むのが好きなのです。たとえば——私、料理が苦手なのですが、さまざまなレシピを眺めていると、まるで自分が上手に料理をしているような感覚になったりして…ふふ、不思議ですよね。
趣味
(Hobbies)
	 可愛いものを見るたび、その可愛さを小さなぬいぐるみで表現したくなりまして…フェルトを使えば形を忠実に再現できますし、糸で編んで伸縮性のある綿を詰めれば柔らかい手触りに。小さな動物だけではなく、大きめのザグレウスのぬいぐるみに、いろんな表情をしたグル卵のぬいぐるみもありますよ。抱きしめて眠るといつも安眠できます。
悩み事
(Annoyances)
	 小さなキメラを2匹飼って、そのふかふかな毛に顔を埋めて、それから一緒に野原を駆け回ってみたいです——ですが、無理ですよね…やはりキメラのぬいぐるみを2つ作ることにしましょう……
シェア
(Something to Share)
	 エイジリアにいた頃、そこの人たちと一緒に青い「アンティリン花」で綺麗な花冠を編んで、犠牲となった戦士たちに被せて送り出していました…そして彼らがステュクスを下っていく姿を見送る——来る日も来る日も、それを繰り返していたのです……
見聞
(Knowledge)
	 故郷を偲ぶ戦士のうわ言、母親が我が子を慰める童謡、少女が恋人に遺した最後の手紙…葬儀を終えるたび、死者が遺してくれた記憶が1つずつ増えていく——これらはかつて、彼らが生きていた温もりそのものだった……
(Trailblazer)について
(About (Trailblazer))
	 次に花が咲き誇る時、新しい世界で再び会えるのなら…どうか私たちの約束を忘れないでいてくださいね。
ボリュシアについて
(About Polyxia)
Witch's Mirrored Reversal
	 今ならわかります。妹は花びらが散るところを見たくなかった…だから花たちが命の終わりに向かうその時まで、花海を見守り続けていたのだと——ならば今、私も彼女と一緒に迷える魂たちを見守りましょう。
アグライアについて
(About Aglaea)
	 氷のように冷たい手でなければ、熱い火種を握ることなどできない…きっと、アグライア様はそれを早くから理解されていたのでしょう。
トリビー・トリアン・トリノンについて
(About Tribbie, Trianne, and Trinnon)
	 きっと誰もが繭を破って蝶となり、広大な空へ飛び立ちたいと願うことでしょう——ですが、彼女たちだけは…この世界の新生のために、繭の中へ戻ることを選んだのです。
モーディスについて
(About Mydei)
	 紛争がもたらす死というのは、常に苦痛と暗闇に満ちているものです。しかし、モーディス様が相手に与えたものは、栄光に満ちた犠牲でした。
ファイノンについて
(About Phainon)
	 人は失ったものが多ければ多いほど、すべてを取り戻したいという渇望が一層強くなるものです…おそらく、それが世界を最後まで導こうとする理由なのでしょう。
アナイクスについて
(About Anaxa)
	 かつて、先生が教えてくださったのです。亡くなった人の前でも冷静に…心の悲しみを口にしてはいけないと。「死の練習」、それこそが彼にとって一生をかけた課題なのだと——後になってようやく理解できました。
ヒアンシーについて
(About Hyacine)
	 たとえ数え切れないほどの死別を経験してきたとしても、不治の病に苦しむ人々のため、涙する…ですが、その涙は決して病室には持ち込まないのです。きっと、彼女が見せていたいのは、優しい陽光のような希望だからなのでしょうね。
サフェルについて
(About Cipher)
	 あの方は早くに半神になったのです。彼女の考えは謎に包まれていて、行動も掴みどころがありません…いつも「火を追う旅なんて割に合わない」と愚痴をこぼしていますが、その背後には何か言葉にできない苦しみが隠れているように感じます……
星魂覚醒
(Eidolon Activation)
	 どれほど凍えそうな向こう岸だとしても、花の香りはするものです。
キャラクター昇格
(Character Ascension)
	 見てください、光が差し込んできました。
レベルMax
(Max Level Reached)
	 万物は流転し、生死には秩序があります…終わりも、また始まりなのです。
軌跡覚醒
(Trace Activation)
	 人の世に残る痕跡は、死よりも遥かに長く残るのでしょう。
パーティ編成・(Trailblazer)
(Added to Team With (Trailblazer))
	 大丈夫ですよ。戦場では背負う呪いも祝福になるのですから。
パーティ編成・アグライア
(Added to Team With Aglaea)
	 ご安心ください、アグライア様。すぐに終わらせますから。
パーティ編成・トリビー
(Added to Team With Tribbie)
	 トリビー様、私についてきてくださいね。
パーティ編成・モーディス
(Added to Team With Mydei)
	 モーディス様、それぞれの役割を果たしましょう。
パーティ編成・アナイクス
(Added to Team With Anaxa)
	 先生、今回はどんな教えを授けていただけるのでしょうか？
Combat
Title	Details
戦闘開始・弱点撃破
(Battle Begins: Weakness Break)	 もうすぐ…あなたも冥界へ向かうことになるでしょう。
 (2×) Transcription missing
戦闘開始・危険予知
(Battle Begins: Danger Alert)	 危機が迫っています。
 (2×) Transcription missing
ターン
(Turn Begins)	 命は蝶の羽のように脆いものではありません。
 (2×) Transcription missing
 生ある時間…大切にしてください。
 (2×) Transcription missing
戦闘中待機
(Turn Idling)	 最後の瞬間が訪れるまで、ここで待っていましょう。
通常攻撃
(Basic ATK)	 眠りなさい。

戦闘スキル
(Skill)	 朽ち果てなさい。
 (2×) Transcription missing
 死を授けましょう。
 (2×) Transcription missing
強化戦闘スキル
(Enhanced Skill)	 魂よ、土へ還れ。
 (2×) Transcription missing
 死の幕よ、私と共に。
 (2×) Transcription missing
攻撃を受ける
(Hit by Light Attack)	 大丈夫です。

重撃を受ける
(Hit by Heavy Attack)	 痛みますね…

必殺技・アクティブ
(Ultimate: Activate)	 「新生」を抱きしめて、ボリュクス。
 (2×) Transcription missing
必殺技・発動
(Ultimate: Unleash)	 私たちを守って、「死」よ！
 (2×) Transcription missing
戦闘不能
(Downed)	  西風が…あたたかい…
戦闘に戻る
(Return to Battle)	 まだ別れではないのですね。
HP回復
(Health Recovery)	 この温もりは忘れません。
秘技
(Technique)	 繭より出でよ。
戦闘勝利
(Battle Won)	 彷徨う魂が、行くべき道を見つけられることを願います。
戦利品を開ける
(Treasure Opening)	 あっ…これは大切にしまっておかないといけませんね。
 これで何を作りましょうか…
貴重な戦利品を開ける
(Precious Treasure Opening)	 すごいですね。こっそり記録しておきましょうか…
謎解きに成功
(Successful Puzzle-Solving)	 勉強になりました。
 本で似たような問題を見た気がします…
敵ターゲット発見
(Enemy Target Found)	 気をつけてください、不穏な気配を感じます。
町に戻る
(Returning to Town)	 花の香りがしますね…もう少し、ここで休んでもいいでしょうか？
---
Data Bank
Title and Requirements	Details
First Meeting	 Welcome to Okhema. I am Castorice. Apologies, it is my habit to keep my distance from others... I can get closer if you wish, however.
Greeting	 Are you cold? Should we walk under the sun together?
Parting	 Farewells always arrive so quickly... I hope neither of us will stop moving forward.
About Self: Duty	 My current duty is to soothe the martyred Chrysos Heirs and Titans. I hope they spend the last moment of their lives seeing a peaceful sea of flowers, rather than an endless darkness.
About Self: Past 1	 I once stumbled alone like a solitary butterfly that did not know where to go... Perhaps it was thanks to the Flame-Chase Journey and my friends in Okhema, or perhaps it was the people I encountered along the way that helped me find the direction for my next flight.
About Self: Past 2
Witch's Mirrored Reversal
	 My sister gave me a chance at life, the people of Styxia gave me the blessing of life, and the traditions of Aidonia gave me the meaning of life... I wish to pass these benedictions to more people. After all, "staying alive" is not merely the hope of just one person.
Chat	 I like to self-insert when I read books. For example, I'm not a good cook, but I can see images of myself cooking dishes when I read cookbooks... Isn't that amazing?
Hobbies	 I want to make cute things into plushies whenever I see them... Felts can recreate appearances most accurately, and the plushies can be softer if filled with milk cotton thread or crocheted with wool. I can do more than just animals, too... I can make Zagreus' silver coin doll, and boiled Dollo egg dolls with different expressions... I sleep particularly well when hugging them.
Annoyances	 I wish I could have two little chimeras, so I could snuggle my face into their warm, fluffy fur and run around with them in the plains... But... I can't, so I'll just make two more chimera plushies instead.
Something to Share	 During my days in Aidonia, I wove dark blue Antila flowers into beautiful wreaths with everyone else. We then placed them onto the dead soldiers' heads, and watched as the bodies floated down the River of Souls... And so it went, day after day...
Knowledge	 The whispers of a homesick soldier, the lullabies a mother uses to soothe her child, the last letter left by a maiden to her lover... With each funeral, I carry another memory left by those who have passed — memories that still hold the warmth of their lives.
About (Trailblazer)	 When flowers bloom again, if we're lucky enough to meet in the new world, remember our promise.
About Polyxia
Witch's Mirrored Reversal
	 Now I know everything. My sister was unwilling to see the flowers wither, so she kept vigil over them, staying by them until they reached the end of their life. Now, I, too, will join her in accompanying the lost souls.
About Aglaea	 Only a sufficiently cold hand can grasp the burning Coreflame... Lady Aglaea must have come to terms with this long ago.
About Tribbie, Trianne, and Trinnon	 Everyone wishes to break free of their cocoon and fly toward the open sky as a butterfly, but they were the only ones who... chose to return to the cocoon, all for the sake of this world's rebirth.
About Mydei	 Death brought by Strife is often full of pain and darkness, but what Lord Mydei grants to his enemies is a glorious and brilliant demise.
About Phainon	 The more one has lost, the more adamant they are to regain everything... Perhaps that is why he will lead humanity till the very end.
About Anaxa	 He had once told me that I should stay calm even when facing the dead, and not tell them of my inner sorrows. It was only later that I understood "practicing how to die" was the theme that defined his entire life.
About Hyacine	 Even after witnessing so much life and death, she still sheds tears for those suffering from incurable ills... But she'll never let those tears into the patient's room. She wants to bring an ever-radiant sun to people's lives.
About Cipher	 She has been a demigod for a long time. Her thoughts are mysterious, her whereabouts elusive... She often laments that the Flame-Chase Journey is a business that will eventually leave her with nothing. Yet there seems to be an unspoken sorrow hidden behind her words.
Eidolon Activation	 No matter how cold the other side is, there will still be the scent of flowers.
Character Ascension	 Look, light is coming in.
Max Level Reached	 All things cycle through life and death... The end is also the beginning.
Trace Activation	 The traces we leave in this world will last much longer than death.
Added to Team With (Trailblazer)	 Do not worry. My curse is a blessing on the battlefield.
Added to Team With Aglaea	 Please rest assured, Lady Aglaea, I will bring an end to all this soon.
Added to Team With Tribbie	 Lady Tribbie, please stay close~
Added to Team With Mydei	 Lord Mydei, let's each do our duty.
Added to Team With Anaxa	 Professor, what will you be teaching this time?
Combat
Title	Details
Battle Begins: Weakness Break	 You, too, will soon head to the nether realm.
 (2×) You too will head to the nether realm.
Battle Begins: Danger Alert	 Danger approaches.
 (2×) Danger approaches.
Turn Begins	 Life is not as fragile as butterfly wings.
 (2×) Life is not so fragile.
 Please cherish the time before your soul withers.
 (2×) Please cherish this time.
Turn Idling	 I will wait here until the final instant arrives.
Basic ATK	 Sleep now.

Skill	 Please, wilt here.
 (2×) Wilt here.
 I grant you this, as you wish.
 (2×) As you wish.
Enhanced Skill	 Dead souls... Return to dust.
 (2×) Return to dust.
 Darkness follows me.
 (2×) Darkness with me.
Hit by Light Attack	 I'm okay.

Hit by Heavy Attack	 That hurts a bit.

Ultimate: Activate	 Embrace "new life," Pollux.
 (2×) Embrace a new life.
Ultimate: Unleash	 I only wish that Death... may protect us!
 (2×) May Death protect us!
Downed	  The west wind...
Return to Battle	 Thank goodness... It's not time to say goodbye yet.
Health Recovery	 I shall remember this warmth.
Technique	 Emerge from your cocoon.
Battle Won	 May wandering souls find their own way out.
Treasure Opening	 Ah! Make sure you keep it safe.
 I want to make something with it. But what to make...?
Precious Treasure Opening	 Let's take a picture.
Successful Puzzle-Solving	 I've learned something.
 I've seen puzzles like this in books...
Enemy Target Found	 Be careful. There's something unsettling ahead.
Returning to Town	 This place is rich with the sweet scent of flowers... Can we stay here for a while longer?
---
Contents

    1 Introduction
    2 Appearance
    3 Character Stories
        3.1 Character Details
        3.2 Character Story: Part I
        3.3 Character Story: Part II
        3.4 Character Story: Part III
        3.5 Character Story: Part IV
    4 Light Cones
    5 Missions and Events
        5.1 Trailblaze Missions
    6 Character Mentions
        6.1 Character Stories
        6.2 Character Voice-Overs
        6.3 Readables
        6.4 Light Cones
        6.5 Items
        6.6 Relics
        6.7 HoYoLAB Articles
    7 Mail
    8 Trivia
        8.1 HoYoverse Shared VAs
        8.2 Etymology
    9 References
    10 Navigation

Introduction

    Aidonia, the snowy land that respects and worships death, has already sunken into sweet slumber.
    O Castorice, daughter of the River of Souls, the Chrysos Heir in search of the Coreflame of "Death," set forth! Guard the lament of the souls in this world, and embrace the solitude of destiny.
    — Life and death is a journey. When a butterfly rests on that dead branch, the withered will be reborn again.

Appearance

Castorice has the appearance of a young woman with pale skin, bright lilac eyes, pointed ears, and lavender, thigh-length hair styled into the shape of a ribcage which ends in two long ponytails. Her hair is adorned with multiple accessories, including dark purple butterfly clips, a purple ribbon on her left side, white bows at the ends of her ponytails, and a black, lavender gem-embedded crown and flowers atop her head.

Her outfit consists of a white and purple sleeveless dress, a purple and white frilled choker, asymmetrical purple gloves, and butterfly patterned, thigh-length white stockings attached with a garter belt. The style of the upper part of her dress is reminiscent of bones and bandages, with white, bone-like markings seemingly attached to her skin near her collarbone and a light purple ribbon at the center of her chest. The lower section of her dress is short in the front and long in the back, split down the middle as it fades into a deeper purple with some of the frilled edges appearing charred. There is also a thin, long white strip of fabric on her right side adorned with white bows. The glove on her left arm reaches just past her elbow and ends in a butterfly design, while the glove on her right ends at her wrist and is decorated in white frills and a black decoration similar to her crown. Much of her overall outfit is embellished with butterfly and flower accessories, including on her choker, chest, upper right arm, right thigh, and heeled shoes.
Character Stories
Character Details

Aidonia, the snowy land that respects and worships death, has already sunken into sweet slumber.
O Castorice, daughter of the River of Souls, the Chrysos Heir in search of the Coreflame of "Death," set forth! Guard the lament of the souls in this world, and embrace the solitude of destiny.
— Life and death is a journey. When a butterfly rests on that dead branch, the withered will be reborn again.
Character Story: Part I

• Unlocked at Character Level 20

From the day she gained memory, Aidonia's snow had always been there. It was as if time had been frozen in this forlorn white ground. When she was a child, she once asked Amunet what is snow.
Amunet said snow is the joy of reunion and sorrow of parting.

She was always in a trance as she stared at the people in the city.
The short knight came for training in front of the temple doors every day. The middle-aged priest occasionally dozed off under her high tower. The ascetic scholars distributed Antila flower biscuits to the children.
The children pushed and shoved as they engaged in a snowball fight in the distance, their laughter falling to her heart like ripe fruits.
From the tower, she tried but failed to differentiate their faces.

Holy Maiden — They only called her that when she appeared before the people, and nobody dared to look her in the eye.
She mustered the courage to move closer, but they stepped back, lowering their eyes even more. She still couldn't see any of their faces.

Until they were standing at death's door — the short knight suffered grievous wounds in battle, the middle-aged priest suffered from years of illness, and the ascetic scholar was infected by the patients they treated. At that moment, she was the closest to them.
Life was no longer an agonizing struggle, but turning at her fingertips into flower petals in the wind.
When she finally had the chance to look at their faces, she turned away instead, for she could not bear to look.

"Some hands were born to sow plants, some were born to govern... Yours carrying out the fated duty of parting."
Amunet's words echoed in her ears. She once wondered what her hands could possibly leave behind.
When she came to her senses, she was looking at an incomplete ice sculpture in her hands — Young warriors wielding their weapons, mothers embracing their children who were going to war, couples that cradled each other's faces with longing...
Those people are no longer around. But this sort of thing will still happen again and again in the land covered by the snowstorm... and lands beyond the snowstorm.

She finally understood that even the snow in Aidonia will melt, just as everything must walk into Death's embrace.

"Nikolaos who loved to smile, the kind Ilana
And Crito, who was as silent as the wind...
At night, I held up those Forgotten names and forlorn memories,
And turned the sorrows of the day into the boiling heat immersed in snow. ..."
— A poem titled "Aidonia" written by the girl
Character Story: Part II

• Unlocked at Character Level 40

The day she left Aidonia, she embarked on a journey to meet Thanatos, a journey with an unknown destination.

She repelled the creations of the black tide, and saved declining villages. She was no longer the Maiden of War from Aidonia, but she still kept her distance from others deliberately, hiding her own hands. Yet, she was no match for the children's sparkling eyes. When she first picked up the needle and thread, she fulfilled a child's final wish to touch a plush toy.
In the battlefield engulfed by death, she wrote letters back to the grieving families of the warriors who could not return home. She even learned from a prideful poet, and used poems to see off the dead...
"Death is an unavoidable inevitability," "Death is a warrior's honor," "Death is merely a walk out of time." On that arduous journey, she heard plenty of discussions, some direct, some poetic. Yet, these answers were like a breeze that blew over the water surface, never reaching the depths of her heart.

"Then... someone said, that dawn enveloped the holy city's overflowing hope, perhaps there, I can also..."
The girl hesitated.
"Don't worry, it's fine if you don't want to talk about it now. Okhema welcomes you!"The red-haired girl served her a cup of hot tea.
The golden-haired lady examined the girl's gloves with interest—
"Such aesthetically designed accessory, did you also learn to make it during your travels?"
She shyly interlocked her fingers.
"Yes, I wanted... farewells to be more formal."

The sunlight in Okhema was parching and radiant, the unending announcement from the Dawn Device promised endless tomorrows.

Starting from that small cabin, she carefully began her second life.
The originally empty room was decorated with bits and pieces of her daily life, felt plush toys, chimera pillows, and thick collections of poems. They were no longer symbols of tragedies, but gifts, memorials, and blessings—
The habits she once had for the dead were able to give birth to warmth and strength for the first time, under Okhema's sunlight.

"The scenery outside this window always looks the same.
Brilliant sunlight, gentle ripples.
I blew off the snow on my hands,
so that they wouldn't be too cold,
for spring was far too near.
..."
— Written by a girl, a poem titled "Spring"
Character Story: Part III

• Unlocked at Character Level 60

She knew her destination was not the same as her Flame-Chase companions, but she gradually began to find her own fleeting moments of warmth.
As the golden thread gently guided her, she clumsily danced with others for the first time. In that garden teeming with life, she made fresh dried flowers together with Hyacine. And on the day she graduated from the Grove, sunlight draped over her dress, casting scattered shadows that resembled butterfly wings...

Those moments that may seem insignificant to others were already firewood for her to live through her lonely and cold years.
She craved warmth so much, but also contained her anticipation. Perhaps it was because the Flame-Chase Journey is filled with continuous loss, or perhaps because she didn't want to experience cruel misery... Just like that nightmare that had clung to her for the longest time, repeating itself again and again—

The sun set in Kephale's palm, the blood-colored dusk engulfed the dawn of the holy city.
The black tide surged, and in the dead silent bath, the Weaver of Gold embraced her for the first time. Only the weaver's tired sigh remained in the sea of flowers.
"My 'love' will not vanish because of death."
"See you tomorrow, Cas~" The shabby messenger turned into a plush toy and collapsed in her arms, barely breathing.
She tried to grasp those scattering petals, but that agile thief caught her hand, giving her the last reward.
"Do me a favor, just this once. So what if we cheat death?"
The sky priest lowered her eyes and disappeared as she leaned on the girl's shoulder. The blood-soaked crown prince closed his eyes and awaited her execution. The warrior wept tears of blood, his armor broken. The sage from the Grove smiled and invited her to be the final witness.
At the end of the dream, she saw an interstellar visitor kneel and fall over under the starry sky, proving her most terrifying assumption...

"Cassie, get a bit more rest."
In the Twilight Courtyard's hypnosis treatment room, the doctor's eyes were filled with concern.
She wiped off the sweat on her forehead as if she had made a determined decision.
"No. I'll do everything I can, so that nightmare won't ever come true..."

"The Flame-Chasing heroes initially walked different paths
We were attracted to each other because of our weak lights.
Like moths that endured searing pain
We do not fly forth because we see hope
But because we only see hope when we flew
..."
— A poem titled "Flame-Chase" written by the girl
Character Story: Part IV

• Unlocked at Character Level 80

"Maybe... this will be my last day in Okhema."
At the end of a bitter journey, she finally found the clues about the nether realm. Before she headed to the place of no return, she wanted to look carefully at the world again.

That was the Chrysos Heir's bath.
She remembered how Aglaea once, in the thick steam, gave her a pair of gloves that she had carefully fixed.
"Cas, you've changed quite a lot, compared to the first time we met."
She touched the beautiful patterns on the gloves in surprise, and the usually indifferent leader smiled as she winked at her.
"Even the present me can see your scorching heart beneath the frigid cold..."

That was the serene garden behind the house, shaped like how it looked in her dreams.
In that chaotic dream, she often met her other self. They tilled and nurtured the garden together, until the barren soil transformed into a lush ocean of flowers.
"I wish that I can still sow seeds of hope like this in the future."
That was the monument she erected for the lives once lost at her fingertips.
From the deceased in Aidonia, to the Chrysos Heirs in the Flame-Chase Journey... Over a thousand years, she tried to remember everyone's name and past.
"If someone still remembers, they are not truly dead."

That was where she first met Trailblazer.
Encounters are such miraculous things, she thought. The streets that she was so familiar with in the past had gained a special meaning because of someone else.
"My lady, with my own hands, I will definitely bring you..."

As the Entry Hour draws near, the time for the promised departure is also nigh.
Under the blazing sunlight, she made her first and last wish: With the freezing and arduous life as a beginning, she will write with (him/her)—

A poem titled "Castorice," which ends with a true embrace.
---
"Welcome to Okhema. I am Castorice. Apologies, it is my habit to keep my distance from others... I can get closer if you wish, however."[8]

Castorice is a playable character in Honkai: Star Rail.

The land that reveres death, Aidonia, where snow falls endlessly, has today drifted into a sweet slumber. Castorice, daughter of the River of Souls, Chrysos Heir in search of "Death" Coreflame, sets forth. You must guard the lament of souls and embrace the solitude of destiny.

— Life and death are but a journey. When butterfly alights on the branch, what withers will bloom anew.[8]
