General Student Council
Nanagami Rin
Rin's very close friend before her disappearance. The two were very close with each other, with the president having a nickname for Rin: "Rinny."

Advertisement
SCHALE
Sensei
Before her disappearance, the president requested the help of Sensei to take care of Kivotos.

Arona
At the end of Where All Miracles Begin, according to Plana, Arona and the president are considered to be the same person.
---
Main Story
Prologue
In an unknown time and place, the GSC President admits that all that has happened was her fault. She implores for Sensei to help her, not by remembering her plea for help, but to do as they always have—for their choices will always be the same, no matter what happens.

Advertisement
Volume 4: The Rabbit of Caerbannog
The Squad's Circumstances
The president was responsible for SRT's operations up until her disappearance. Afterwards, with no one capable of taking on the responsibilities of SRT, the school was slated to be shut down.

Volume Final: Where All Miracles Begin
Utnapishtim's Ship
When discussing the consequences of Rio's actions concerning Eridu, Hanako brings up the story of a king who received an oracle that his kingdom would be destroyed and, in attempting to prevent the fall of his kingdom, inadvertently caused its downfall. Rin likens this to the second Koan, which she learned from the GSC President.

To the Distant Skies and Beyond
Sensei asks what Rin answered the president in the past when she was posed the koan. She silently recalls the past, to the time when she was asked the question. She remembers the president's positive response to her answer, and decides to withhold her answer until they return to land. Later, as the ship engages the quantum computer, Sensei blacks out and sees a memory of the GSC President, just like the time before their arrival at Kivotos.

A Tale of the Beginning
In an unknown time and place, the GSC President admits that all that has happened was her fault. She implores for Sensei to help her, not by remembering her plea for help, but to do as they always have—for their choices will always be the same, no matter what happens. As the adult that she believes in, she asks that Sensei change their distorted fate and bring about a different outcome.

Epilogue
Ayumu informs Rin that there was a letter on her desk with no sender on it. When Rin opens the letter, she recognizes the handwriting as the GSC President's.

Later On
As Plana thinks about Arona's increased sleepiness, she notes that the GSC President is missing in this world as well.

Later, she comes a realization about why Arona and her are so different. She inquires the sleeping Arona if the reason why no one could find the GSC President was because she was hiding in the Shittim Chest the entire time—if Arona was the GSC President.
---
“	Only you can save us from this twisted, distorted fate... and find the choices that lead us to a new reality.	”
~ GSC President

The GSC President (連邦生徒会長) is a non-playable character in Blue Archive who served as the President of the General Student Council and as the overall leader of Kivotos.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.3.1	Halo
1.3.2	Uniform
1.3.3	Firearm
2	Trivia
3	Navigation
Profile
Introduction
The mysterious President of the General Student Council. She oversaw everything in Kivotos as its leader and controlled the city using the mysterious Sanctum Tower. However, her sudden disappearance caused everything to come crashing down! Luckily, Sensei has stabilized Kivotos to an extent, but just where has the all-important leader of Kivotos gone?

Advertisement
Personality
A huge fan of mysterious things such as unsolvable questions, the occult and the like. The president enjoys delving down into questions with no answers, such as the infamous Seven Koans. One she's very fond of is Rin's version of the second koan: "By understanding the incomprehensibility of others, can we understand ourselves?"

According to Seia, the President is a person with quite the unpalatable sense of humor, hence why the Treaty of Eden is called the way it's called. According to Yuuka, the President tends to be quite irresponsible judging by her tone when she described the President during Kivotos's "sorry state." According to Rin,, however, the President is a good friend of hers.

Appearance
The GSC President has long sky-blue hair that's violet on the inner side, long bangs that cover her left eye, and a loose braid tied on her left side.

Halo
Her halo is a white ring with a blue star in the center slightly to the right. Pretty much looks like the Blue Archive logo. The halo is located overhead but leaning slightly to the right.

Uniform
She wears a white jacket over a long double-breasted dress with gold buttons, and a pair of high white boots. On her right chest is a wide star badge whereas on her left chest is a badge supported with blue cloth and gold stars. On her collar are stars situated both slightly to the left and right.

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
???	???	???
School Year
???
School Club / Affiliation(s)
General Student Council
Occupation
President of the General Student Council
Leader of Kivotos
Top Administrator of the Sanctum Tower