FOX Platoon
Shichido Yukino
The leader of the FOX Platoon. Both Yukino and Kurumi are more serious compared to the other two members, but Kurumi can sometimes come off as a bit childish with her actions. Like the other members, Kurumi respects Yukino as her leader and is willing to go through any operation with her as the leader.

Advertisement
Otogi
Otogi and Kurumi are often seen next to each other. Although Kurumi is more on the serious side while Otogi is more on the chill side, the two make for a good dynamic within the platoon.

Niko
Niko's inarizushi is always great. Kurumi loves it, just like all the other members do.

RABBIT Platoon
They are Kurumi's underclassmen.


---
“	I don't want your egg inarizushi! Salmon roe is better!	”
~ Kurumi, to Otogi

Kurumi (クルミ) is a non-playable student studying in SRT Special Academy who wields a submachine gun.

She is one of the four members of FOX Platoon.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.3.1	Halo
1.3.2	Uniform
1.3.3	Firearm
2	Trivia
3	Navigation
Profile
The pointwoman of SRT's elite FOX Platoon. She appears to always be grumpy and on edge, but this also leads to her attention never slipping up in combat, always being wary of her surroundings. She is very flexible in combat, able to adapt to any situation and carve a path using whatever's around her.

Introduction
The pointwoman of SRT's elite FOX Platoon. She appears to always be grumpy and on edge, but this also leads to her attention never slipping up in combat, always being wary of her surroundings. She is very flexible in combat, able to adapt to any situation and carve a path using whatever's around her.

Advertisement
Personality
Appearance
Kurumi has knee-length blonde hair, green colored eyes and blonde fox-like ears.

Halo
Kurumi's halo has an intense yellow color. Her halo is in a triangle shape with a line pointing out from each corner. In the middle of her halo is another smaller triangle, which is upside down.

Uniform
Kurumi wears a Japanese sailor-style school uniform, that consists of a dress shirt with a sailor's uniform collar, with a red tie and a black pleated skirt. She wears calf-length black socks that are attached to black sock suspenders, and white sneakers with lime-green laces. She also has a bandaid on her left knee and a black holster on her right thigh, that holds a pistol.

Firearm
She uses a tan H&K UMP 45 submachine gun with a Feyachi RS-29 Reflex Sight and a Brügger & Thomet suppressor.

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
N/A	N/A	N/A
School Year
3rd Year
School Club / Affiliation(s)
FOX Platoon
Occupation
FOX Platoon Pointwoman
Special Forces Operator
Hobby
N/A