“	My name is Amachi Niya. I am the very well-deserved, some might even say overqualified... President of the Yin-Yang Club.	„
~ Niya	

Contents
1	Introduction
2	Personality
3	Trivia
4	External Links
5	Navigation
Advertisement
Introduction
Kaho Kuwakami (和楽チセ in Japanese) is one of the characters in the 2021 roleplay game Blue Archive who studies at Hyakkiyako Alliance Academy and wields a Grenade Launcher. She is a member of the Yin-Yang Club, a club that is often seen as Hyakkiyako's de-facto student council. Despite such a high position, Niya seems to almost never take her responsibilities seriously, occasionally giving her work to someone else.

She first appeared in the story during the "An Unconcealed Heart" side event as a supporting protagonist. However, she's more of a moral support instead of actually helping out the protagonists of this story. In the main story, she played as a supporting protagonist during the second chapter of the final volume, "Where All Miracles Begin", and during the first chapter of the fifth volume, "Hyakka Ryōran".

Personality
As previously mentioned, Niya rarely takes her work seriously, often burdening Yin-Yang Club's vice president, Kaho Kuwakami. She takes everything easy as if everything will end well regardless of what happens. Her smug personality is often showing whenever she speaks, usually assisted with her signature laugh. When the situation truly takes a wrong turn, that's when Niya starts realizing her mistakes. Despite her irresponsibility though, she does have a sense of willingness to aid those in need. She knows when to apologize and is willing to give support whenever necessary.
---
Amachi Niya ( 天地ニヤ) is a non-playable student studying in Hyakkiyako Alliance Academy.

She is the president of the Yin-Yang Club.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.3.1	Halo
1.3.2	Uniform
1.3.3	Firearm
2	Trivia
3	Navigation
Quick Answers
fandom logo
What role does Amachi Niya play in the Hyakkiyako Alliance Academy?toggle section
Amachi Niya serves as the president of the Yin-Yang Club, a club tasked to handle issues surrounding the Hyakkiyako Alliance Academy. Despite her important role, she tends to act dismissive about the tasks at hand and sometimes treats them as entertainment until the situation turns for the worse.
Provided by: Community
What is Amachi Niya's relationship with the Yin-Yang Club's vice president?toggle section
Amachi Niya often imposes her responsibilities on Kuwakami Kaho, the vice president of the Yin-Yang Club. Since her position is under Niya's, Kaho frequently assumes responsibility for the tasks given to her albeit with a bit of contempt.
Provided by: Community
What features make Amachi Niya stand out?toggle section
Amachi Niya has wine-red horns with golden accents emerging from the back of her head, one of them being partially broken.
Provided by: Community
Advertisement
Profile
Introduction
Personality
Niya rarely takes her work seriously, often burdening Yin-Yang Club's vice president, Kaho Kuwakami. She takes everything easy as if everything will end well regardless of what happens. Her smug personality is often showing whenever she speaks, usually assisted with her signature laugh.

Appearance
Amachi Niya have dark colored hair that fade in a bluish-gray color. Her hair is short, scruffy hair, with straight cut bangs. She have a bit of red make up at the eyes zone, making her look more attractive. She also has two horn, the horns color is orange at the start and finish in a red color. Her left horn is half broken, and she have "O" shaped golden earrings.

Halo
Amachi Niya's hallo have a light white color. the halo consists of a central circle, four concentric circles, and symmetrical cross-like extensions, plus 4 spikes that emanate from the gaps between the concentric circles. All the circles are close to each other.

Uniform
Amachi Niya wears white, side-less kimono top, that is kinda exposing, and a black pleated skirt with a yellow line that go around the skirt, at the edges. Her kimono have detached white kimono sleeves, the kimono sleeves have a some japanese style-lines and 2 little circles. The sleeves have some paint-like, yellow lines randomly drawn. The right part of the kimono stop at the waist and the other cover half of the skirt, reaching just the thight. She wears white high tights on her right leg and on the right she wear just a white sock that match the tights in color, also she wear some traditional japanese okobo.

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
N/A	N/A	N/A
School Year
N/A
School Club / Affiliation(s)
Yin-Yang Club
Occupation
President of the Yin-Yang Club
Hobby
N/A
---
Full Name
Niya Amachi
Alias(es)
No information
Origin
Blue Archive
Occupation
Hyakkiyako Alliance Academy Student
Yin-Yang Club President

Powers / Skills
Superhuman durability
Gunmanship

Hobby
N/A
Goals
N/A
Family
Unknown
Friends / Allies
SCHALE:
Sensei
Yin-Yang Club:

Kaho Kuwakami
Chise Waraku
Enemies
N/A
Type of Hero
Vice President