FOX Platoon
Shichido Yukino
The leader of the FOX Platoon. Unless Yukino who gives off a cold-hearted and incredibly serious vibe, Otogi seems more relaxed and chill in most situations. Just like the other members, Otogi is willing to follow Yukino wherever and whenever, as long as Yukino's their leader.

Advertisement
Kurumi
Two seemingly opposite members of the FOX Platoon, with Kurumi being more serious and Otogi being more chill. The two make for a good dynamic within the platoon.

Niko
Niko's inarizushi is nice. Otogi likes it, just like everyone else in the squad.

RABBIT Platoon
They are Otogi's underclassmen.


---
“	It's like when the cute sniper makes a mistake because there's too many enemies to estimate...	”
~ Otogi

Otogi (オトギ) is a non-playable student studying in SRT Special Academy who wields a sniper rifle.

She is one of the four members of FOX Platoon.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.3.1	Halo
1.3.2	Uniform
1.3.3	Firearm
2	Trivia
3	Navigation
Profile
Introduction
The sniper of SRT's elite FOX Platoon. Otogi is very social and was often the center of attention at SRT. However, while it seems strange for a sniper to have so much presence, Otogi uses it to ensure that her foes always know that she can strike them down at any time.

Advertisement
Personality
Appearance
Otogi has platinum colored shoulder-length hair and lime green eyes. She has crossed side bangs and fitting bangs in the middle. Atop her head are fennec-like pointed ears with the same color as her hair.

Halo
Otogi has a lime green halo, which consists of a rounded cross in the center, a thin outer ring, and four ellipses, with one connected on the ring's left, right, top, and bottom sides.

Uniform
Otogi wears a common Japanese sailor-style uniform, which consists of a white dress shirt, a loose red tie, and a navy blue pleated skirt. She also uses a military headphone.

Firearm
She uses a rodeo dust Barrett M107 anti-materiel rifle with a Leupold Mark 4 LR/T 4.5-14x50 riflescope. The FOX platoon insignia is imprinted on the receiver and the magwell.

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
N/A	N/A	N/A
School Year
3rd Year
School Club / Affiliation(s)
FOX Platoon
Occupation
FOX Platoon Sniper
Special Forces Operator
Hobby
N/A