Commissions
Sensei was called by Rin to meet Momoka regarding arising problems ever since the president's disappearance. There are two main problems at hand: a ruined theme park with the given name Slumpia with rumors of self-moving machines and missing students, and a munitions factory with its AI going overdrive. Momoka casually just drops all the work onto Sensei's hands.

Advertisement
Bounty
Students have been wanted for violating General Student Council rules and committing serious offenses, and it's up to Sensei to deal with them.

Crafting
Rin introduced Sensei to the Crafting Chamber, a facility left behind by the president that basically acts as a 3D printer.

Total Assault
Weird incidents have been arising all around Kivotos, causing significant damage. Although believed to be urban myths, these incidents are in fact real, and Sensei will need to take care of them.

Binah: The Contemplator of Disparity
A mysterious man named Black Suit introduced Sensei to Decagrammaton, an AI created to prove the existence of God, analyze it, and recreate it. The AI continued its way by contacting the ten prophets to aid it. The first prophet Sensei will be seeing is Binah, the third prophet. Will Sensei be able to fight a god?

Chesed: The Merciful Arbitrator
Binah brought Sensei into a ruined munitions factory. He believed that Decagrammaton has made contact with Divi:Sion, an endless army-producing AI, and made it join forces. Will Sensei be able to counter an endless army in its kingdom?

Shiro & Kuro: Replicants of Delight
A two-headed man named Maestro appeared in a closed theme park. What used to be a place of joy and delight has now been manifested into a hive of Mimesises. Will Sensei be able to withstand these emotion-manifested dolls?

Hieronymus: Ancient Doctrines
Maestro explained about Gematria's research on Terror and Mystic. With their little success however, they decided to direct their attention towards the ancient doctrines sealed below Trinity. And thus, an artificial angel was created. The guide of the Communio Sanctorum, Hieronymus. Will Sensei be capable of taking down a divine monster?

Advertisement
KAITEN FX Mk.0: Raiding the Kaitenger!
Kivotos' most wanted villains, as briefed by Momoka. The Kaitengers, reported for stealing huge amounts of cash, weapon blueprints, and more, just had their base found by the GSC, and Sensei is tasked to deal with them. Will Sensei appear victories against these so-called apostles of justice?

Perorodzilla: The World of Signs
Golconde, a picture frame of a head facing backwards, and Decalcomanie, Golconde's headless body, made their appearance in front of Sensei and claim to be allies. Golconde told Sensei a story about the spirits of toys' revenge, or as he call it, the Library of Lore. Will Sensei be able to fend off the attacks of a colossal toy brought to life?

Hod: Glory Through Splendor
Originally an AI belonging to Millennium's communication network, now reborn as the eighth prophet of Decagrammaton, as Black Suit explained. Will Sensei take down this rampaging, pillar-summoning, tentacled mechanical monster?

Tactical Challenge
The Allied Tournament, a Kivotos tradition where students compete on several locations throughout Kivotos and get rewarded based on their rankings. Will Sensei's students rise to the top and win those sweet rewards?

Shop
A small convenience store right nearby Schale named Angel 24, with Sora, a part-timer, tending it. Apparently, Sensei is the only regular customer.

Joint Firing Drill
Since Kivotos is also known as the Academy City, it's only normal for Kivotos to have an exam day, where the students will take part in firing drills to prove their skills, including Schale's students. It's time to show what the students are capable of.

Tasks
Otherwise known as Missions. A collection of tasks requested by Ayumu, the General Student Council's Chief Administrator's secretary. Seeing how much work Ayumu had to deal with, Sensei insisted that they helped in dealing with the documents.


---
Cherry Blossom Festival Commotion! ~Flowers in the sky, ninjas on the ground~
Sensei received a call while doing their Schale work. It was Shizuko from the Festival Operations Department who invited Sensei to Hyakkiyako's Spring Cherry Blossom Festival, which Sensei accepted. As Sensei arrived, they stumbled upon the hurrying Izuna who was running away from something. After finding a safe spot, Izuna found out it was Sensei, and she decided to be their tour guide for Hyakkiyako's festival.

Sensei arrived at Momoyodou and met Shizuko and Pina. Shizuko needed help dealing with some troublemakers around the festival. As Shizuko talked about them, the troublemakers known as the Mouryos arrived at a nearby place. As Sensei was dealing with the troublemakers, Sensei found Izuna with the troublemakers. Izuna was defeated by Sensei but claimed that she'll back better than ever. As Shizuko and Sensei tried to ask other clubs for help, they encountered the Mouryos again. While dealing with the Mouryos, Sensei met the Inner Discipline Club. During the fight, Izuna threw a smoke bomb and brought Sensei out. She believed that Sensei was a good person for supporting her dreams, so she decided to prove her worth by fighting Sensei, only to be defeated. Sensei asked why she was with the Mouryos, to which she said that it was her mission on the path of being a true ninja. Then, she left with another smoke bomb.

Sensei, the Inner Discipline Club, and the Festival Operations Department decided to make a plan to find the one responsible for leading the Mouryos. As they were executing their plan, Sensei was accidentally left alone, which allowed Izuna to attack, but Sensei instead invited her for a walk. Izuna was confused but accepted it nonetheless. After that, Izuna left, which was followed by the Mouryos trying to kidnap Sensei, which Sensei willingly accepted for some reason. Sensei then met the boss, Date Meowru, or what he calls himself as, Date Meowsamune. He wanted to stop the festival for money. He also mocked Izuna's dream of becoming a ninja, and Izuna heard it all, which led her to begin her rescue. The Festival Operations Department and the Inner Disciple Club also appeared, and under Sensei's command, Date Meowsamune saw his inevitable defeat.

Advertisement
A Revolutionary Ivan Kupala
Sensei visited the Red Winter Federal Academy and was welcomed by Tomoe who guided them to the president's office. Turned out that Sensei was invited to the annual Ivan Kupala to increase Red Winter's fame across Kivotos. Sensei then met Cherino who decided to give Sensei a tour around Red Winter. She noticed a bunch of students causing some "accidents" which led to her purging them. After a while, Cherino. Tomoe and Marina decided to take some rest. As Marina was heading towards her dorm, however, she tripped and broke a statue, which caused her to panic and make a decision to overthrow Cherino as president to avoid getting purged.

Cherino, Tomoe, and Sensei were forced to make a temporary retreat towards an old abandoned building, unexpectedly encountering Nodoka and Shigure who were not very happy with Cherino. Cherino was tired and wanted to take a nap, so she came up with the idea of sleeping with books as pillows. She then headed towards the Knowledge Liberation Front's library alongside Sensei.

After an encounter with the Public Works Department who decided to charge against the Council President's office after knowing Cherino was not the president anymore, Cherino was able to regain her place as president with the help of Sensei's command. A week later, Cherino thanked Sensei for their help as she started to notice some changes in her methods which she thought were similar to how Sensei worked.

Summer Sky's Wishlist
Sensei was invited by Hasumi to join Hifumi, Azusa, Mashiro, and Tsurugi on their beach visit while completing a list of things given by her. As Tsurugi and Hifumi were making sandcastles, a bunch of thugs appeared and ruined it, which infuriated Tsurugi. The thugs were then defeated, but Tsurugi felt sad. Seeing this, Sensei comforted her. Sensei also got a picture of Azusa and Mashiro building a literal sand castle and a picture of the thugs "sunbathing."

Sensei was tasked to teach the girls how to swim since they needed to take a picture, but apparently, they all knew how to swim. Supposedly. However, they were rudely interrupted by the thugs again who were utterly defeated not long after.

The next thing on the list was heading to the Beach Shack. There's where Sensei and the girls met Izumi, who was the manager of the place. As Sensei and the girls were about to make their order, the thugs appeared. Again. However, just like their previous encounters, their defeat was inevitable. One of the next things on the list was watermelon smashing, but for some reason, Azusa and Mashiro decided to turn it into a competition, and Sensei supported the idea.

The last thing on the list is fireworks, but they needed to wait till dark. As Azusa, Hifumi, and Mashiro were away, Sensei spent a bit of time chatting with Tsurugi. She had a lot of fun. Once night arrived, the fireworks were launched, and a beautiful sight sparked in the night sky. Again, Mashiro and Azusa decided to make it into a competition. Hifumi asked Sensei to prevent it, but Sensei was too entranced with the fireworks show.

The next day, Sensei gave the photos that they collected to Hasumi. Sensei asked if Hasumi wanted to join next time. Unfortunately, with how busy Hasumi is, she had to decline the invitation, but she's happy to see the girls had fun either way.

Advertisement
Head Prefect Hina's Summer Break ~Prefect Team Administrator Emergency Special Order~
Sensei was asked to help Ako organize a break for Hina disguised as summer camp training. Seeing the opportunity to see the girls in swimsuits, they willingly accepted. As the other Prefect Team members were preparing everything, Ako, Iori, Chinatsu, and Sensei received a request for help from the owner of the hotel they were staying in. A war between thugs is about to happen in four hours and is trending on social media. Now Sensei is tasked to make sure Hina does not find out. Sensei arrived at Hina's room. As Sensei and Hina talked for a bit, she asked Sensei if they could keep her company for a bit, which they willingly accepted. Right after, Sensei was told to join Iori and Chinatsu. Sensei decided to make an excuse to leave, still trying to cover up the real situation from Hina.

Ako found more information about the upcoming war and concluded that they all needed to deal with it in under four hours while Sensei took care of Hina. As Sensei and Hina talked more, Hina told Sensei that she wanted to go to the beach. Hearing this, they secretly told Iori about Hina's wish. So Iori tried to figure something out. Thankfully, Sensei and Hina managed to go to the beach, but something unexpected happened, which caused Hina and Sensei to evacuate immediately.

Sensei and Hina returned to her room. Hina suggested that they play a board game to pass the time, but Sensei's presence was immediately requested by Iori right after, forcing them to leave Hina again. As Sensei returned, their help was needed again, and this process was repeated a few times for the next two hours. Thankfully, the war has been called off. But as Sensei was about to check on Hina, Iori jinxed it. This time though, it was the Gourmet Research Society that were causing trouble. With Sensei's command, the Gourmet Research Society temporarily retreated.

Sensei returned to Hina to begin their beach stroll. Hina was a feeling a bit sad thinking that Sensei had better things to do than to hang out with Hina, but it was quite the opposite. Hearing this, Hina felt happy and thanked Sensei. Hina also asked Sensei to teach her how to swim tomorrow morning, as she never had to opportunity. Sensei accepted, and Hina was thrilled to hear that. Ako was jealous, but she was willing to put her pain aside. As preparations were complete, it was time for Sensei to do their part, but again, Iori jinxed it, and problems started arising once more. With everything happening, Ako snapped. On top of that, Hina appeared and found out about everything. Once everything was resolved, Hina told Sensei and the Prefect Team that it was time to begin the real summer training. Sensei had to be involved once more.

Playing Tag at Neverland
Sensei paid a visit to the Eastern Alchemy Society, only to find a lost student named Shunling who said that she was looking for Shun. Sensei decided to help her. As Sensei and Shunling were looking for Shun, Shunling got distracted by some sweets and convinced Sensei to get some. Shunling and Sensei headed towards a park where Shunling thought Shun might be in. There, they met Kokona who was also looking for Shun. Kokona was complaining about Shun's childishness, which made Shunling mad. So Shunling decided to come back at Kokona with insults of her own, resulting in Kokona crying. Sensei did not like that and told Shunling to apologize to Kokona later.

Shunling and Sensei stopped by a teahouse. As they were looking for Shun, Sensei found Kirino who suspected a large-scale conflict happening sooner or later. Shunling did not like Kirino interrupting her time with Sensei, so she pretended to see suspicious people with weapons, which fooled her twice. Though for the third time, Shunling was correct, which gave her the chance to get away from Kirino with Sensei.

Sensei started feeling very suspicious towards Shunling. Then, Saya appeared with an antidote to give to Shunling. Shunling didn't want to return to her normal self, so she ran away. Sensei was confused, so Saya explained about Shun and the rejuvenation elixir Saya made. Now they have to get Shunling to drink the antidote.

Saya devised a few plans to catch Shunling, but they all failed. As a last resort, she told Sensei to forcefully grab Shunling instead. As Sensei grabbed Shunling however, she yelled and was heard by Kirino, who thought that Sensei was doing exactly what she thought they were doing, and got sent to jail for a bit. Tired of Saya's plans, Sensei decided to just simply talk Shunling out of it. It took a bit of convincing, but Shunling eventually realized her mistake and drank the antidote. She then turned back to Shun and things went back to how it was before.

Advertisement
Bunny Chasers on Board
Sensei was tasked by Yuuka to take care of C&C and make sure their stealth mission was a success and that no unnecessary destruction occurred. As the infiltration began, the C&C encountered a guard, which they quickly knocked out. This led to them hiding inside a room. Using the guard, they found out how bunny girl outfits are the norm in the place, so they had to blend in. Sensei looked away as the girls changed into their new outfits. Through the guard, the C&C also found a lead, the play lounge. They decided to head there and split off to find their target, Koyuki, faster. As Neru and Sensei explored, they found Koyuki, who alerted the guards.

Sensei, Neru, Karin, and Akane were caught by the guards and imprisoned soon after. Koyuki then appeared and taunted them. Not long after, Asuna appeared with some guards. The guards were told by Asuna to let C&C and Sensei go. Asuna won an S-tier card which lets her do anything as long as they can pay for the damages later. Koyuki was shocked and scared as Neru instantly started targeting her.

Koyuki started running for her life as Neru chased her relentlessly. Sensei just let them be as they believed Neru deserved this opportunity to unleash everything she's been holding back. As the chase progressed, Koyuki reached the top deck and used her escape plan, a drone. As she flew away, Karin sniped the drone off, causing Koyuki to almost drown. As Sensei and Akane gave their post-operation reports to Yuuka, Sensei calmed Yuuka down.

Hot Springs Resort No. 227 Daily Logs
Sensei found Cherino taking a nap on her desk and woke her up. Sensei wanted to visit Red Winter after hearing rumors about a hot spring. Cherino didn't hear about any of this and was enraged. She decided to see the hot springs for herself.

Cherino did not like Spec Ops. 227 living inside a hot springs resort. Turns out that students from other schools are visiting the resort as well, which makes Cherino jealous. Sensei and Cherino then met Nodoka. Nodoka did not like Cherino for what she did to Nodoka and Spec Ops. 227, but she managed to convince Cherino to keep the resort. Tomoe and Marina were in disagreement, but Nodoka and Shigure convinced them as well. Sensei just wanted to take a bath, but they were glad to see Nodoka happy.

As Sensei was enjoying their bath, they noticed someone peeking. Her name was Meru, and she drew Sensei for her fan book, which bothered Sensei. Nodoka noticed this and tried to get Meru out, but she didn't want to. As Nodoka was about to confiscate Meru's drawing book, which had drawings of students from other schools being depicted according to Meru's delusions, Meru offered a drawing of Sensei to Nodoka, which she accepted. Sensei was very disappointed, which caused Nodoka to forcibly give Sensei a tour around the resort, although they just wanted to enjoy their bath.

As Nodoka gave Sensei a tour, the Labor Party appeared with Minori leading them. Minori did not like Nodoka for managing the resort and followed by attacking the resort. Sensei was forced to take command. As the two sides were tired, Shigure offered some mors which caused the Labor Party to instead take a bath in the resort as well. Shigure also offered Sensei some mors, but Sensei consistently refused.

Sensei was grabbing a drink from a vending machine. They then met Chinatsu who was there to see if there was something she could do about the potential fight instigation between Red Winter and Gehenna thanks to the Hot Springs Department but was distracted. Sensei and Chinatsu decided to talk for a bit.

As Sensei went outside, they found Cherino. Cherino talked about how she's enjoying the resort. As she was talking though, Megu appeared saying that the Hot Springs Department plans on blowing up the province to start building more hot springs. Of course, Cherino did not like that idea and was forced to fight back against the Hot Springs Department. With Sensei's help and Cherino's tank, Megu and her team were defeated. Cherino decided to take down the resort, but before she could do so, Nodoka tried to stop her. She couldn't stay still and decided to commission Minori and the Labor Party to stop Cherino.

Using Cherino's tank, she defeated the Labor Party and Spec Ops. 227, though Sensei, Tomoe, and Marina were not happy. Cherino's pride was blown away, causing her to cancel the demolition. Unfortunately, Megu had already set up explosives when building the resort in case the resort was not beneficial anymore. Though they were able to have one last hot spring bath, Sensei had a blast.

Advertisement
New Year's Rhapsody No. 68
Sensei was visiting a New Year's event that's been trending on social media and encountered Problem Solver 68. They also met Serika who's working as a part-time miko there. As PS68 finished making their New Year's wish, they were interrupted by the Kaitengers. The Kaitengers claim to be using the offering money for justice by forcefully stealing the offering box. It's Sensei's first time seeing the Kaitengers, but they started having Fugitive Warrant flashbacks. Sensei didn't even get to make their wish yet.

Chaotic Chase!
As Sensei, PS68, and Serika were chasing the Kaitengers, numerous gangsters started interrupting them too. They claimed that the offering box was theirs. Sensei and their team were forced to fight them. Feeling off about the sudden swarm of interlopers, they decided to find out what was going on. They then noticed the announcement that Serika's boss gave through the news, saying that anyone who retrieves the offering box gets to keep it.

Sensei and their team proceeded until they met with Iori and some Prefect Team members. Lori couldn't have a holiday because of the current ongoing havoc. Even Ako told them that they couldn't go back until the problem's resolved. Iori considered PS68 as a problem as well, so she decided to attack them, but with Sensei on their side, Iori failed. Then Ako appeared. Seeing Sensei, she decided to explain the real truth behind the New Year's event.

Sensei and their team finally caught up with the Kaitengers. Of course, they would not just hand the offering box so easily, which led to Sensei having to take command again. The Kaitengers were defeated not long after, and they decided to retreat, leaving the offering box. But then, Serika's boss, Kamejima Goro, appeared and wanted to take back the offering box, completely disregarding his previous claims of rewarding the offering box to those who retrieved it. Since PS68 disagreed, the boss brought out his army. Sensei took command once more, but the army's numbers were too overwhelming. As the boss got away with the box, the Foreclosure Task Force appeared and helped Sensei, PS68, and Serika.

Thanks to Mutsuki's doing, people are protesting at the Daikichiden office, wanting their money back. This caused the boss to escape from the back entrance, only to encounter PS68 and Sensei. As the sun rise, the boss was defeated. As the Foreclosure Task Force (besides Serika) returned, they noticed the offering box's contents were missing, only to find out that the Kaitengers had spent the money. The Kaitengers used the money to build Kaiten FX Mk. 1, the successor of Kaiten FX Mk. 0. It was time for Sensei to take command one last time.

As everything calmed down, it was time for another New Year wish. Sensei didn't get to make a wish last time, so now's their chance. Once they're done, Sensei decides to bring PS68 and Serika to get something to eat, beginning the New Year.

Advertisement
schale's Happy ❤ Valentine's Patrol & Kosaka Wakamo's Silence and Feast
Sensei received a request from Fubuki and Kirino to help with their Valentine's Day patrol, which they accepted. As Sensei was patrolling, they met Sena, who was also patrolling. They decided to patrol together with Sena. Not too long after, a building suddenly collapsed. It was caused by Wakamo, one of the Seven Prisoners. Sensei and Sena decided to stop her. Once Wakamo was stopped, Valkyrie apprehended her, and Sensei returned to their patrol with Sena. As Sensei and Sena continued their patrol, they met Chihiro, who was helping people with their security. While they were talking, Wakamo escaped and headed towards Sensei. Of course, Sensei defeated Wakamo, and she was apprehended once again. They decided to return to patrolling.

Somehow, Wakamo managed to escape imprisonment multiple times in a row, which led to Sensei and Valkyrie having to deal with her again and again.

Sensei was patrolling the market when they had a feeling Wakamo was about to attack again but were wrong. As Sena and Sensei continued, a bunch of the market's residents recognized Sensei and gave them a lot of stuff to thank them for their hard work. As Sena and Sensei were talking, Fubuki called, but Sensei knew what to do. Though now, Kirino said that the captain would be taking special measures after knowing Wakamo had escaped five times in a row in a day, even going so far as to call students from other schools.

Somehow, even with all the extra security measures, Wakamo still managed to escape. Some people were disguised as Wakamo, which helped her escape. And just like her previous escapes, she headed towards Sensei. As everyone else splits off, Sensei is left alone during the chaos. Then, Wakamo found them. As menacing as she made things out to be, she only wanted to give Sensei some chocolate she made. Sensei was grateful but, they couldn't simply accept it knowing all the chaos she had caused to just give the chocolate. Wakamo only wanted to show how far she was willing to go to show her love for them, but Sensei was disappointed. However, Sensei still had faith that Wakamo could change for the better. Hearing this, made Wakamo more than happy, and Sensei stood there as they watched Wakamo leave.

Most of the problems have been resolved. Sensei received various messages from other students. As they were looking at the post-event reports, Chihiro and Sena visited to apologize even though they technically did nothing wrong to Sensei. Once they left though, Wakamo blew up the office's front door and appeared to see Sensei. Guess Sensei needs to start getting used to Wakamo.

The Clumsy Sister and the Magician of the Old Library
Sensei was called by Hinata about a recently discovered artifact of sorts in the form of an ancient book. Since this is a big discovery, a big ceremony will be held, and Sensei is invited. As Hinata was about to transport the book, the pages fell right out, which caused her to panic. As she tried to restore the book, it kept getting worse, until all that was left were paper pieces.

Sensei and Hinata decided to ask Shimiko for help, but she couldn't be of much help. Though she knew someone who could help, Ui, president of the Library Committee. As Sensei and Hinata arrived at Ui's place, the room was so dark and seemingly vacant. Then they heard someone, who turned out to be Ui. As Sensei showed the remains of the book, Ui was flabbergasted and horrified. After she calmed down, she told Sensei and Hinata to get sphagnum moss glue, some holy tonic, and the Miracle 5,000 limited edition cake for her. Sensei and Hinata proceeded to get these things.

They first decided to get the cake, but when they arrived at the place, there was a crowd. Sensei also met the After-School Sweets Club. Scalpers abducted the person making the cake and sold the cakes for incredibly high prices. So Sensei, Hinata, and the After-School Sweets Club decided to save the person and get the limited edition cake.

As Sensei and Hinata were heading back to give the cake to Ui, they heard some gunfire. Hinata wanted to help whoever was in trouble, so Sensei joined her. They then met Suzumi who's under attack by a bunch of thugs. With Sensei's help, the thugs were defeated. Sensei then explained to Suzumi why they were there. Hearing this, Suzumi told them that they could get sphagnum moss glue from a nearby abandoned building, which turned out to be the thugs' home. The thugs thought they were gonna destroy the building, so Hinata tried to convince them. Thankfully, it worked.

Sensei and Hinata finally returned to Ui to give her the cake and the glue. Ui was surprised they managed to get them and thanked them, but they still needed to find some holy tonic, so they left right after. Eventually, they met with Serina who was already expecting them. As they were looking for the tonic though, a rush of patients appeared all of a sudden. Hinata wanted to help Serina, so Sensei let her help while they looked for the tonic.

Ui had everything she needed, now it's time for her to restore the book. While Ui was restoring the book, Sensei and Hinata went to sleep. As Hinata woke up, she noticed a sudden announcement saying that the ceremony would be held at midnight instead of the previously set time for some reason.

Feeling like all hope is lost, Hinata decided to take responsibility by going to the cathedral where the ceremony's being held by herself. Feeling concerned, Ui wanted to help, but all she could do was finish the book's restoration. Seeing this, Sensei called for help from everyone they'd met that day. As Hinata reached the cathedral, it was suddenly under attack. All the people Hinata helped today joined in to cause a commotion, giving Sensei the perfect chance to return the restored book. Everything then went back to normal.

Advertisement
An Unconcealed Heart
Sensei was taking a break at Schale's lounge when the lights suddenly turned off. They heard some noises. It was coming from two students they had never seen before. As the students were about to ambush Sensei, the lights turned on and Izuna appeared. After they stopped, they introduced themselves. They are the Ninjutsu Research Club, and they need Sensei's help with making them into an official club. As they were talking, Kaho appeared who was also looking for Sensei's help.

The Yin-Yang Club needed Sensei's help to make sure nothing bad happened during Hyakkiyako and Gehenna's exchange meeting. Sensei accepted but under one condition, it being that if this meeting works out, the Ninjutsu Research Club will be made into an official club. Niya, the president of the Yin-Yang Club, agreed.

The Ninjutsu Research Club and Sensei were getting ready to play their roles for the event. Michiru was looking forward to the event a lot as the main role is being played by Chise. But as she was going to meet her, it was Ibuki who was playing the main role. Michiru was disappointed, which made Ibuki cry. The lights also went out which made it worse. So Sensei and the Ninjutsu Research Club tried to calm her down. Thankfully, the lights went back on and Ibuki calmed down. As the event was about to start though, a group of Mouryos appeared and took away Ibuki. Iroha found out about this and proposed that they all take back Ibuki without anyone knowing.

Sensei, the Ninjutsu Research Club, and Iroha had to overcome multiple unexpected encounters with different students and various challenges. Thankfully, with their determination, teamwork, Sensei's command, and Iroha's tank, they managed to catch up with the Mouryos, save Ibuki, and end this whole mess.

As everything returned to normal, Sensei visited Niya. Sensei knew that she was behind everything and did not like Niya's reasoning behind it. Sensei then proceeded to give Niya a lecture.

Abydos Resort Restoration Task Force
Sensei was invited to Abydos after being informed that Serika won a resort ticket as a first-place prize in addition to Abydos' new helicopter. As they all were heading to the resort though, the helicopter crashed. Fortunately, everyone was fine. As they explored a bit, they found the resort, or at least what seemed to be the resort. Seeing the condition the resort was in, Serika got sad, but not all hope was lost.

As Sensei and the FTC were repairing the resort, Hoshino disappeared. Sensei found Hoshino later, who was surprisingly cleaning the place. Sensei helped her out but was later disrupted by the Kata-Kata Helmet Gang led by Rabu. After some time, the FTC finished repairing the resort, though they needed to find something to eat. Shiroko took this as an opportunity to go fishing, so she and Sensei went to look for a spot to fish. Ayane also joined in. As they were fishing though, they were interrupted by Rabu and her gang, but unlike before, they had reinforcements. Sensei noticed a familiar face. Wakamo, after seeing Sensei, was speechless. Shiroko took the opportunity to attack her. After the enemies had been dealt with, they returned.

When Sensei and the FTC returned to gather some more fish and the like, the Helmet Gang and Wakamo returned. Wakamo thought Sensei was being kidnapped by the FTC and started attacking them, but was defeated alongside the gang.

As Sensei and the FTC were trying to get the power back on, they found a dark and dusty room. From here, they managed to get the power back on, consequently activating the resort's security system that considered them as unauthorized personnel. So Sensei and the FTC had to hold back the security guards while Ayane registered them. Feeling like the gangster problem has been dealt with, Sensei and the FTC decided to take a break.

The next day, near lunchtime, as Sensei was waking Hoshino up from her nap, an alarm went off. A giant unauthorized vessel is approaching, and it seems that it belongs to the Helmet Gang. Seeing this, it was time for the FTC to bring out their big guns, also known as their helicopter. As the FTC defeated the Gangsters, Sensei cleared up the misunderstanding with Wakamo. They also learned the truth about the resort ticket Serika won.

Advertisement
Business Trip! Momoyodou Beach Shack Franchise Plan
After the incident with FTC's resort problem, Ayane escorted Sensei back to Schale, only to see Niya, Mimori, and Pina. Niya was there on official business regarding a problem with Shizuko and Umika in the Lost Paradise resort, exactly where Sensei and Ayane were. So they decided to head back there with Chise and Mimori joining them while Niya and Pina stayed. As they arrived at Shizuko's place, a bunch of thugs were there before them. So they dealt with them. Izuna is there too. After the thugs were dealt with, Shizuko explained everything. Not too long after, they were attacked again, but rather by some familiar faces. It was the Masked Mizugi Gang!

The Masked Mizugi Gang and Sensei explained their story, giving Shizuko the full picture and the reality of the situation. Knowing this, Shizuko wanted to take responsibility and claim the whole Lost Paradise Resort in the name of Momoyodou. Abydos also wanted to help since they found out that Kaiser was behind this and wanted to take revenge.

After finding out their targets, they decided to split into two teams. Abydos will take care of the Helmet Gang while Sensei and the Hyakkiyako students take care of the lesser groups known as the Sulfur Miners, the White-Eared Monsters, and the Messengers of the Black Tortoise. With Sensei's help, they were able to conquer the locations under these groups and make a contract with these groups, except for the Messengers of the Black Tortoise due to past incidents with Shizuko.

It was time to reassemble and take down the Helmet Gang once and for all. Once they arrived, however, they met another familiar face. It was the Kaiser Director, or as he calls himself now, the Kaiser Salesperson. He's responsible for everything, and it was time to end this. The entire Helmet Gang alongside their new hires surrounded Sensei and their team, though it seems that they didn't realize that they hired the Masked Mizugi Gang.

As the Abydos and Hyakkiyako crew were dealing with the gangsters, the Kaiser Salesperson abducted Sensei and brought them far away, thinking it would weaken their forces. But Sensei was pretty chill about it because they knew that the Kaiser Salesperson messed up badly. Wakamo appeared not long after and took out the Kaiser Salesperson while the Helmet Gang was defeated. Everything slowly started going back into place. Sensei and the team decided to have one last party to end the summer.

Sweet Secrets and Shootouts ~After-School Sweets Story~
Sensei received a call from Kazusa, a member of the After-School Sweets Club, who was asking for help. It seems that someone is stalking her. A girl named Uzawa Reisa from the Vigilante Crew has been following her, challenging her to a duel, and Kazusa wants Sensei to help deal with her. Sensei decided to escort Kazusa to school and avoid Reisa as much as they could although they ended up encountering her anyway. After Kazusa arrived at school, Sensei decided to visit Suzumi and ask about Reisa. As Suzumi was talking about Reisa, she received a call from her requesting for backup. Sensei and Suzumi both decided to see what was going on.

Once the issue was resolved, Sensei introduced themselves to Reisa and asked her about Kazusa. Kazusa used to be a gangster feared by other gangsters, and the only one Reisa never managed to defeat. To this day, Reisa still believes that Kazusa is evil and must be taken down, but Sensei knows that isn't the case and tries to clear up the misunderstanding.

Sensei decided to check up on the After-School Sweets Club to see if anything happened to them after the Reisa incident. As they were talking though, Sensei accidentally dropped a photo of the old Kazusa, and the After-School Sweets Club was shocked. Sensei then explained everything. Later that evening, Sensei decided to talk with Kazusa about her past and Reisa.

The next day, Sensei wanted to talk with Kazusa again, but they were interrupted by the After-School Sweets Club, or rather the After-School Sweets Gang. They acted as if they were a gang so they could try to understand Kazusa better, but Kazusa considered them to be very cringe. Additionally, Reisa appeared and thought Kazusa joined a new gang. Sensei has to deal with Reisa again as she tries to challenge them, but she is fighting a losing battle from the start.

Sensei decided to see how Reisa was doing. She learned her lesson. Not too long after, Reisa decided to charge into a horde of gangsters. Sensei tried to stop her, but was too late. They decided to ask Kazusa to help her. The rest of the After-School Sweets Club joined as well, and together, they saved Reisa, and Kazusa's problem was resolved. Mostly.

Advertisement
On Your Mark @ Millennium ~ The Millennium Halo Games ~
Sensei received a request from Yuuka and Noa to help with the Kivotos' Halo Games preparations. Everything was going well until an explosion happened which set them back a bit. As they were talking, however, Yuuka fell asleep due to overworking. Noa decided that she and Sensei go look for other students' assistance with the preparations.

The first thing they did was requesting the Engineering Department to repair a cheer both of theirs. Next was Veritas as they needed someone capable enough of with dealing the computational work. Lastly, they also need to check up on the athletes. Sumire was in charge of training Millennium's participating athletes.

Sensei and Noa decided to check up on the Engineering Department's progress. Unfortunately, the cheerbot went rogue and escaped. With all the information at hand, Noa assumed that they were dealing with a hacker from inside the school. They knew something was wrong and decided to investigate while also asking Veritas for help again.

A few moments later, Sensei and the others found the culprits who were talking with Sumire who had no idea what was going on. As they tried to stop the culprits, however, they brought out a tank they found, or what the Engineering Department called their cheerbot. Somehow, none of their bullets even scratched the "cheerbot" which led to them having to retreat. They then devised a plan to stop the robot without damaging it, and the plan worked as intended. As Sensei and the team interrogated the culprits, they realized the motive behind the culprits' plans to stop the Games. Sensei decided to adjust some aspects of the Games to try and give the students a chance.

As the day of the Games arrived, everyone completed their final preparations as Sensei stood from the side. Since Sensei had nothing to do, they decided to check up on Yuuka. As Yuuka woke up, Sensei greeted her with a smile as Yuuka frantically tried to get herself ready for the Games.

Get Set, Go! The Millennium Halo Games
After a minor incident during the opening ceremony of the Halo Games, the Event Committee: Yuuka, Ako, Hasumi, and Mari held a meeting regarding the event alongside Sensei. Although some arguments happened between the school representatives, things turned out minimally fine.

Before the competition started, Sensei decided to check out the nearby food stalls and met plenty of students around enjoying themselves. During one of the races though, Yuuka had to involve Sensei, accidentally causing some misunderstandings with the spectators. Once that's settled though, Sensei met with Mari and asked her out for lunch.

As Sensei walked around, they met Hasumi. While they were talking, Kirino and Fubuki appeared. Kirino saw a non-event staff student carrying equipment which raised their suspicions. As they were looking for said student, they encountered Ako, Yuuka, and Mari who were about to take a break. They explained the situation which led to another truce between Ako and Hasumi. Not too long after, they found the suspects and dealt with them quickly.

After a series of events and races, the Halo Games have come to an end. Although plenty of mishaps occurred during the event, Sensei undeniably had some fun, and it seems that the other event committee members felt the same way.

Advertisement
A Cathedral Christmas: Gifts from the Knights Hospitaller
Sensei was with the Knights Hospitaller as they were preparing for Christmas. It seems like Serina and Hanae were already in the Christmas spirit whereas Mine is just Mine. As Serina and Hanae headed out with Sensei, they ran into a Justice Committee member. Hasumi was hosting a party at the White & Mason cafe. They decided to drop by once they were done with their things.

As Serina, Hanae, and Sensei were collecting donations and giving out gifts, two delinquents approached them who wanted to vent their feelings after their encounter with the Justice Task Force. Serina and Hanae couldn't believe what they heard, but Sensei had some doubts. While they continued walking, they found Mine. Mine couldn't help but notice their glum looking faces, so Sensei and the girls explained everything. For some reason, Mine thought the Justice Task Force was in the wrong without considering other possibilities and decided to confront them herself.

As Sensei and the girls arrived at the cafe where the Justice Task Force was, they saw Mine fighting against Hasumi, Tsurugi, and Mashiro. During the fight, the delinquents from before appeared and showed their true selves. Mine was fooled, and the JTF was weakened, giving them a chance to attack. Unlucky for them, Sensei was there and was able to take command, rendering the delinquents defeated. Thankfully, everything was resolved and the party was not ruined.

Epicurean Eve
Sensei was just minding their own business until Haruna appeared, kidnapped them, and brought them to Gehenna's cafeteria. She needed help with saving a small restaurant named Suzume from shutting down. Since Haruna couldn't do anything by herself, she wanted Sensei and the School Lunch Club to help out, though she could've asked them for help instead of kidnapping them.

As Sensei and the girls arrived at Suzume, a bunch of delinquents were there before them, causing trouble. Thankfully, it was nothing difficult and they managed to save the owner. The owner thanked them and explained the full story. Fuuka, who was able to relate to the owner so much, decided to help.

Fuuka, Suzume's owner, and Sensei decided to grab some ingredients before they started cooking. When they returned and were about to start cooking, however, the delinquents returned which led to them having to deal with these delinquents again. Once they were done with improving Suzume's menu selections, they decided to give out free samples to attract people.

While the samples were being prepared, Juri, Izumi, Akari, and Sensei went to shop for more ingredients. Unfortunately, all the ingredients they were looking for were all sold out. As they continued looking, the delinquents from before approached them and told them to stay out of the Suzume problem. One of them said that she never wanted to do this, but she had to follow her boss' orders. Hearing this, Sensei and the girls decided to visit Nyao Foods' boss.

As Haruna and the boss tried to negotiate, they ended up with a cooking competition. Fuuka never agreed to this and was shocked after hearing the news. but after hearing how determined Haruna was, she agreed to it anyway. Moments later, Sensei couldn't help but see how Fuuka was feeling and suggested that she take a break. Fuuka accepted it and left on her scooter. Juri noticed this and got worried, but thankfully she knew where Fuuka was headed. Sensei and Haruna decided to follow her. As they arrived, Sensei told Haruna that it'd be best if she talked to Fuuka. It took a while, but both were able to come to terms with each other.

The day of the showdown arrived. Sensei and the girls were confident that Suzume would win, and they were right. The boss was devastated, but he couldn't accept defeat and attacked them alongside the delinquents. But since Sensei's taking command, he had to deal with defeat twice in a row, causing him to leave. Sensei and the girls decided to have a party to celebrate Suzume's success and the New Year.


---
Prologue
The story starts with Sensei gaining visions of the mysterious Student Council President. When they awaken, they have lost most of their memories except their name and general knowledge as a teacher.

Nanagami Rin wakes them up and briefly explains about Kivotos and the current situation. One way or another, Sensei was chosen by the president to gain access to the Sanctum Tower as a member of SCHALE to prevent the upcoming criminal uprising. To do that, they'll need to retake the Schale building that is currently being taken over by thugs, in which The operation was successful thanks to the help of Yuuka, Hasumi, Chinatsu, and Suzumi.

Going inside, Sensei finds Wakamo who fled almost instantly after seeing each other. Sensei ignores this and proceeds to do what they need to do. As Rin gave Sensei the Shittim Chest, they somehow instinctively knew the password to access it: "We thirst for the seven wailings. We bear the koan of Jericho." In here is where Sensei met Arona, the AI controlling the Shittim Chest. After some time, she finally got Sensei access to the system, and they authorized the GSC access to the Sanctum Tower.

Thus begins Sensei's eventful life in Kivotos.

Advertisement
Main Story
Volume 1: The Foreclosure Task Force
1.1: Strange Days for the Task Force
The Request
Not too long after the opening of Schale, Sensei finds a request from Ayane, asking for help from Schale to defend their school, Abydos. Without hesitation, Sensei decides to accept the request and sets out.

Meeting the Task Force
Unfortunately, Sensei is dead tired by the time Abydos is in sight due to walking on foot, carrying heavy supplies, and being completely lost once inside Abydos. This is when they met Shiroko, who helped them with these problems. Once Sensei arrived at Abydos Academy, they then began to help Abydos with a bunch of things.

The Black Market
After encounters with the Helmet Gang, Problem Solver 68, and Hifumi, the Abydos Foreclosure Task Force ended up hitting a bank with Sensei's support. To no surprise, it was successful, and they got what they needed.

Pressure Break
Not too long after, the Foreclosure Task Force encountered Gehenna's Prefect Team with an army led by Ako.

1.2 Things Lost and Others Held Onto
SCHALE vs. The Prefect Team
After a bit of talk, it's revealed that Ako wanted to take Sensei for a few reasons. Of course, Sensei didn't want to, so they fought back with the help of PS68. Eventually, Hina arrived and everything stopped.

The Head Prefect of Gehenna
As everything settled, Hina approached Sensei and told them about Kaiser Corporation's plans in the Abydos Desert.

Secrets and Steps
Sensei found out about Hoshino's resignation paper through Shiroko.

Battle Against Adults
Through an encounter with Black Suit, Sensei found out the reason behind Hoshino's resignation paper. Now they need to take Hoshino back.

That Which One Must Protect
Sensei asked for help from PS68 and the Prefect Team, which they accepted.

Never Letting Go
With their accumulated efforts and Sensei's command, they managed to stop Kaiser and save Hoshino, ending Volume 1.

Volume 2: Clockwork Flower Pavane
2.1 Retromania
The Adventure Begins
Sensei received a letter written weirdly. Turns out, it's from the Game Development Department asking for help.

To The Ruins
The GDD needed help with keeping their club. To do that though, they need to go to The Ruins to find the G.BIBLE.

On That Day, We Met a Girl
In The Ruins, they found a computer that scanned Sensei and granted them access to a secret room, in which they found a girl. Momoi decided to bring her back and try to disguise her as a club member in an attempt to keep the club.

I, Aris
Sensei and the GDD tried their best to help the new girl get accustomed. They named her Alice/Aris.

Back to The Ruins
Unfortunately, having another member wasn't enough, so the GDD and Sensei had to resort to their original plan, to get the G.BIBLE

Right There, In That Place
They managed to get the G.BIBLE, now they just need to bring it back to Veritas.

In Search of The Mirror
Turns out, for the G.BIBLE to work, they needed an object called The Mirror, which is currently confiscated by Seminar. So now they all have to devise a plan to get it.

The Millenium Prize
After all the events that happened, the GDD was able to make a game, and it won the Millennium Prize. Sensei's job is done for now.

2.2 Romance of Friendship, Courage, and Light
Strange Machines
As the daily life of Millennium proceeds, as usual, an unusual encounter occurs. Weird inactive robots were found. As people were investigating, Alice went closer to one of them as she felt familiar, and activated them which also changed Alice. Of course, knowing this, Sensei wanted to be involved to help with the problem.

A Harsh Truth
As Sensei and the rest of the GDD are trying to help Alice, Rio appears with AMAS, her army, and Toki, her bodyguard, and takes away Aris while rendering Sensei and the GDD helpless.

Screw That!
Sensei and the GDD couldn't just stand still, so they gathered all the students from Millennium that they'd known to take Alice back.

Pavane for a Sleeping Princess
With all their combined efforts and Sensei's tactics, they managed to take down everything Rio had in store. As Sensei and the GDD approached Alice, she got corrupted and took control over Rio's stronghold, Eridu. Now they'll have to get inside "Alice's" mind to get her back.

What I Want to Be
Through what seemed to be a situation impossible to break through, Sensei and the GDD managed to get Alice back, and everything went back to normal. Now Sensei's work at Millennium is done, ending Volume 2.

Volume 3: Eden Treaty
3.1 Make-Up Work Club, Here We Go!
Tea Party
Sensei was called by the Tea Party for a favor. As the Eden Treaty was going on, the Tea Party was quite busy. Some students were failing and it was risking Trinity's reputation, so the Tea Party wanted to ask Sensei for help with dealing with these students. Now Sensei needs to help the Make-Up Work Club with passing their evaluation exam. Funnily enough, Sensei recognized one of the failing students, who turned out to be Hifumi.

Failing Students
Sensei decided to gather all four of the failing students: Hifumi, Azusa, Hanako, and Koharu. Coincidentally, all of them besides Hifumi were at the Justice Task Force's place, all for their reasons.

The First Evaluation Exam
It was time for Sensei to give the Make-Up Work Club their first exam. They all have been preparing for this. All they need to do is get 60 out of 100... Well, things were easier said than done as only Hifumi passed.

What Lurks in the Depths
After talking with Nagisa, Sensei learned that if the Make-Up Work Club failed all three exam attempts, they would all be expelled. The reason for this is that Nagisa believes a traitor is trying to stop the Eden Treaty signing, and she is willing to do anything to stop the traitor, even breaking the rules if she has to. Sensei did not like that.

First Night at Boot Camp
As the Make-Up Work Club was having boot camp, Sensei found out through Hifumi that Nagisa had been taking advantage of Hifumi as well.

The First Mock Exam
Sensei decided to get last year's exam's questions and answer keys to help Hifumi make a mock exam for the Make-Up Work Club. Unfortunately, just like the first exam results, only Hifumi passed.

Justice Task Force Vice President
After an incident with Koharu, Sensei and Koharu decided to visit the Justice Task Force to return what was supposed to be a confiscated book that Koharu accidentally brought. As Koharu and Hasumi were talking in private, Sensei overheard parts of their conversation, saying something about a mission.

Cracks in the Surface
One late night arrived, and everyone decided to take a rest, except Hifumi. She decided to head to Sensei's room to talk about something she noticed. She found out from last year's exam papers that it was all taken from one student's results, Hanako's. From this, Sensei and Hifumi concluded that Hanako's failing on purpose, reasons unknown.

Trinity's Traitor
As Sensei was walking around the boot camp building, Mika appeared uninvited. She talked about Nagisa, how she's putting so much burden on Sensei and told barely anything about it, and about Nagisa's offer to find Trinity's traitor. Sensei told Mika that they rejected Nagisa's offer, saying they were not responsible for that and were only responsible for being on the student's side.

3.2 Paradise Paradox
The Great Leviathan
Mika told Sensei that Azusa was the traitor. Mika explained about the history of Trinity, its multiple factions, the banishment of the Arius faction, and the real reason behind the Eden Treaty, to form a military alliance. Mika also revealed that Seia's halo was broken. Mika is also responsible for Azusa's registration to Trinity because of Arius' living conditions, and that Azusa is meant to be a symbol of peace between Trinity and Arius. Mika also told Sensei the reasons why every Make-Up Work Club member was chosen, and how she wants Sensei to protect Azusa from being expelled.

The Sisterhood
As Sensei was away, the Make-Up Work Club had another mock exam, and everyone showed major improvements, although only Hifumi passed. As they were talking, a member of the Sisterhood appeared, who was interrupted by mines that Azusa had set up.

Midnight Commotion
As Sensei and the Make-Up Work Club were going out in the middle of the night as per Hanako's request, they met Hasumi inside a bakery. As they were talking, Hasumi received a call from Ichika who told her that the Gourmet Research Society had attacked an aquarium and stole the Gold Maguro. Now the Make-Up Work Club and Justice Task Force need to apprehend the Gourmet Research Society, with the help of Sensei's command of course.

A New Perspective
After the Gourmet Research Society was captured, Hasumi suggested that Sensei should be the one taking them in custody to reduce the political burden of both Gehenna and Trinity, to which Sensei accepted. After Sensei reached the designated spot, the Medical Emergency Club president, Sena, appeared along with Hina, with the same idea to reduce the political burden in mind.

A Glimmer of Hope
Another day arrived for the Make-Up Work Club to take another mock exam. After Sensei finished grading, the results were out. Everyone passed! The next day, Sensei decided to visit Nagisa.

A Shadowy Reach
As the conversation between Nagisa and Sensei proceeded, Sensei slowly started realizing how Nagisa is, quote "a cynical skeptic, seeing what she wants to see and believes what she wants to see." Sensei did not take Nagisa's actions very kindly and told her that they would make sure the Make-Up Work Club passed. Sensei turns around and leaves as Nagisa warns them that she will take matters into her own hands.

The Second Exam
After a day of studying, the Make-Up Work Club was about to rest, right before Hifumi noticed a sudden notice saying that the exam's minimal passing grade had been increased, and the exam's location and time had changed. Sensei, and unsurprisingly Hanako, knew Nagisa was behind this. Now they'll have to head to Gehenna and overcome all sorts of unexpected encounters. As they arrived at the destination and were about to take the exam though, the Hot Spring Development Department appeared and ruined everything, resulting in the Make-Up Work Club failing.

A Confession
Azusa confessed to Sensei and the Make-Up Work Club that she's the traitor and that they're at risk because of her. Sensei had a different perspective, stating that it was because of Nagisa's distrust that they're in this situation. Of course, everyone else wanted to help Azusa regardless, so Hanako devised a plan.

Lighting the Fuse
With Hanako's planning and Sensei's tactics, they were able to temporarily knock out Nagisa and fend off Arius' soldiers.

The Way of the World
Out of nowhere, Mika revealed herself as the mastermind behind Arius' attack, the reason being her hate towards Gehenna. Unfortunately for her, the Sisterhood arrived, in addition to Sensei's tactics that helped immensely, resulting in Mika's defeat.

The Third Exam
Of course, the Make-Up Work Club can't forget about the third exam, so they rushed to the exam's location. After all their hard work, they all passed, and everything returned to normal. Well, mostly...

3.3 Our Story
Postmortem
After clearing up most of the problems at hand, Sensei and Hanako decided to sum up everything that had happened, especially about Mika. Sensei was especially worried about Mika, hoping that she and Nagisa could just bury the hatchet and move on.

What Comes Next
Sensei decided to visit the Pandemonium Society to make a formal greeting as the one responsible for mediating the Eden Treaty signing. As they were about to leave, Hina appeared and took the initiative to escort Sensei.

Eden Treaty Signing Ceremony
As the final preparations were being set up, Sensei had a casual talk with Hinata about the cathedral where the treaty signing was being held. Right as the Eden Treaty's about to get signed, a cruise missile landed, destroying almost everything. Sensei was somehow alive thanks to Arona.

Day of Fire and Ash
Hinata managed to find Sensei under the collapsed parts of the cathedral. Arius has made their move and are now confronting the Justice Task Force along with Hinata and Sensei, and it looks like Arius has something up their sleeve. As the situation gets more dire, Hina appeared and escorted Sensei away from the attack.

Bearing Witness to Hatred
As Sensei ran away with Hina, they encountered the Arius Squad and the mimesis they were controlling. Unfortunately, Hina was too weak. She fell to the ground and left Sensei unprotected. As the situation turned more dire, Saori pointed her gun at Sensei and pulled the trigger. However, at the last second, Hina managed to block most of the bullets with all the energy she had left. Sena also arrived with an ambulance and managed to take Hina and Sensei away. Unfortunately, it's confirmed Sensei was shot.

Aggravated Confusion
As Sensei was being taken care of by Sena, with the help of the Remedial Knights who coincidentally appeared as Sena was trying to bring Sensei in to the nearest hospital, Trinity and Gehenna slowly descended into chaos since both leaders were knocked out.

In Response to the Fifth Koan
As Sensei was unconscious, they met Seia through their dream. Seia talked about how despite all efforts, everything still seemed dark. Sensei had a different perspective however, saying that Seia's afraid of finding out what's gonna happen, mentioning that putting faith is all that's required, quote: "If you believe bikini bottoms are panties, then they're panties," implying that if you believe something the way you believe it, it goes with how you believe it. Sensei then proceeds to wake up and head towards Trinity.

Bits and Pieces
As hell breaks loose, the Pater faction of Trinity, also known as the faction under Mika, committed a coup d'etat and freed Mika, though Mika didn't take it seriously, which angered them and started beating up Mika. Koharu saw this and stood up for Mika.

The Embodiment of Hate
Right before the problem escalated, Sensei appeared right on time and unintentionally scared the Pater faction students that were present. With Sensei now awake, they can start bringing back everything into place.

Without a Moment of Hesitation
As Sensei and everyone else started fully recovering, Azusa confronts the Arius Squad one last time.

Our Stories
As Azusa was about to take her fall, Hifumi managed to get a hold of her. The rest of the Make-Up Work Club appeared, along with the Justice Task Force, the Prefect Team, and the unexpected Masked Swimsuit Gang. Sensei also managed to find the missing Hina. As the Arius Squad were distracted, Sensei managed to re-sign the Eden Treaty, declaring the new Eden Treaty Organization, weakening Arius' forces. In addition to everyone's efforts and Sensei's command, Arius was defeated.

Hatred That Is Not Our Own
As the Arius Squad tried to escape, Azusa and Sensei gave chase and managed to stop them once and for all. Right before Saori tried to fight back, Atsuko told them it's enough. This piqued Maestro's interest, who decided to bring forth Arius' secret weapon, an unfinished version of Hieronymus. Sensei noticed this, saying that something was breaking the rules, and decided to play unfair as well, bringing in their "adult card" to stop Hieronymus. As they were fighting, Arius Squad escaped.

Epilogue
As everything settles back to normal, Sensei is now tasked to help the New Make-Up Work Club, apparently with the exact same members, to which Sensei fainted, ending Volume 3, or so we thought.

3.4 Kyrie of the Forgotten Gods
Uncomfortable Reception
After the aftermath of Arius' attack, Sensei was called by Nagisa. As they arrived, Mine and Sakurako demanded to join the conversation as well. They all decided to talk for a while about various matters, most notably Mika and her involvement with Arius. Apparently, Trinity students have been protesting about Mika, mostly because she's in jail rather than being punished with a more terrible method.

Jailed Princess
Sensei decided to pay Mika a visit. After a bit of talking about how Mika's been feeling, Mika asked Sensei to pay Seia a visit, to which they did. As Sensei was talking to Seia, Seia mentioned about the fall of Kivotos that she saw in her dream.

Inscrutable Seekers
Seia found out about Gematria, their plans, and the Arius Squad being sent to eliminate Sensei. Knowing this, Seia needed to tell Sensei.

Broken Things
Sensei got a message from an unknown sender. Without knowing anything, they went to the specified location, only to find Saori there.

Choices and Decisions
As Saori stood there, she dropped to the ground, kneeling in front of Sensei, begging them to save Atsuko. She was willing to risk her own life by giving Sensei full control over her halo-destroying bomb if it meant Atsuko can be saved. Since Saori's a student, Sensei couldn't reject her offer and was willing to help, though they decided that it'd be best if the bomb was not used and destroyed the bomb's detonator.

Squad Reunion
First things first, Sensei decided to reunite Saori with Hiyori and Misaki. Although those two had their doubts, they managed to get back together again. Now it's time to head to Arius.

To the Arius District
As Sensei and the Arius Squad headed to Arius, they encountered several Arius students.

Pursuers
While dealing with Arius students, Mika appeared as well. Mika definitely did a number on Arius Squad, but she instantly stopped as Sensei appeared. She was left shocked as Arius Squad escaped towards the catacombs with Sensei. As the Arius students were trying to give chase, Mika realized what happened with Arius Squad, but came into the wrong conclusion. After a while, Sensei and the Squad managed to hide in an abandoned building inside the Arius District and decided to take a rest for a bit, especially considering Saori's condition. As Sensei fell asleep, they had a dream. Seia used this to warn Sensei about Beatrice and Arius trying to kill them.

Old Story
Once Sensei woke up, they decided to talk a bit more about Arius' history. From this, Sensei realized about Beatrice's evil doings and started developing a sort of anger towards Her. Not too long after, Saori awoken, and they all decided to get ready to continue.

Meeting
As Sensei and the Arius Squad proceeded, they encountered the mimesis. This made them confused, until Beatrice appeared. Of course, after hearing Beatrice's actions through Misaki, Sensei was not very fond of Her, and Her talking made it worse. This led to Beatrice declaring war against Sensei. Unfortunately for Sensei and the Squad, not only they had to deal with the mimesis, Mika showed up again. Like last time, Mika was defeated, but this time, she fell into a mental breakdown and ran away.

Underground Corridor
Sensei and the Arius Squad arrived at an underground corridor. Misaki felt suspicious considering the terrain and the possibilities of another encounter with Mika. And her suspicions were right. Not too long after, a huge pillar fell down, separating Saori from the rest, which gave Mika the opportunity to attack her.

Confrontation
As Mika confronted Saori, Saori told Sensei to get out and save Atsuko while Mika was distracted. Sensei was at quite the dilemma.

Infinite Possibilities
After confronting Saori, Mika realized the bigger picture, and that she terribly regretted her actions. Right after, Sensei appeared. Misaki tried to convince Sensei to go, but they couldn't just leave Saori behind. Sensei also briefly explained what's currently going on to Mika and told her that they can return to Trinity together once everything's resolved. Sensei comforted both Saori and Mika as they believe that regardless of their wrongdoings, there are infinite possibilities, and that they can redeem themselves if they just try.

Barbara
Beatrice was not amused with Sensei's actions and decided to unleash one of her weapons, Barbara.

To the Most Holy Place
Barbara was a real tough opponent, so Mika decided to take on Barbara by herself while the Squad and Sensei escape.

Agnus Dei
Sensei and the Squad arrived at the Basilica where Beatrice is holding the ritual. Unfortunately for them, Beatrice has completed Her ascension and has transformed into a different being. Though it seems that Beatrice underestimated Sensei. She couldn't accept defeat, so She ordered all Her troops to assemble. Unbeknownst to Her, Her troops are being handled by Mika.

Kyrie for Courageous Girls
With all their might, Mika, the Arius Squad, and Sensei took their last stand and fended off their respective opponents as much as they could. Sensei and the Arius Squad managed to beat Beatrice with the help of Mika handling Her troops. Atsuko was saved, and Saori couldn't be more grateful even if she wanted to. As Beatrice laid there defeated, Sensei approached Her. She still couldn't accept Her defeat, but Golconde appeared and told Her that it's enough and took Her away.

Beloved
It was over. Arius Squad is finally released from Beatrice's grasps. Saori wanted to fulfill her end of her promise to Sensei, so she told Sensei that she's willing to take any form of punishment Sensei deemed worthy for her. Sensei wasn't into that kind of stuff, so they told Saori to do what she wanted. Saori was confused. After that, Sensei parted ways with the Arius Squad as they still needed to help Mika. Once Sensei found Mika, who's all covered in blood, they decided to pull out his "adult card" once more. It's time to end this once and for all. Thankfully, the Remedial Knights, the Justice Task Force, and the Tea Party managed to arrive at Arius. And thus began Operation: Arius Restoration.

Epilogue
As everything slowly went back to normal, it was time for Sensei and Mika to attend the hearing. As for the Arius Squad, Saori separated from the squad, leaving Misaki in charge. That's the end of Volume 3.

Volume 4: The Rabbit of Caerbannog
4.1 RABBIT Squad, Begin Operation!
An Uncontrollable Special Unit
Sensei received a call from Rin about Schale activities, though it'd be better that they talk about it in person. Before Sensei left, Arona tried to encourage Sensei, saying that Rin's just gonna give them treats! Oh, what a poor child...

As Sensei arrived at the GSC reception room, Rin started asking Sensei to revise their post-operation reports that apparently didn't follow the GSC guidelines and procedure. As Sensei was doing that, Ayumu appeared and wanted to talk to Rin about an urgent ongoing problem regarding SRT. Sensei couldn't help but overheard of the problem and wanted to help, but Rin refused. Rin tried sending in the Public Peace Bureau and the Security Bureau, but every single one of them was defeated. Without any other choice, she asked Sensei to deal with them while she took care of the reports.

Uninvited Guests in the Park
When Sensei arrived, they met Kanna, the Public Peace Bureau chief. She briefly explained the situation, saying that only the Public Safety Bureau is left and she had major doubts of their abilities. Though Sensei had faith in Kirino and Fubuki. And whaddya know, the SRT was suppressed thanks to Sensei's command. Kanna was shocked, while the SRT students grew a hatred towards Sensei.

The Squad's Circumstances
After the SRT students were done being interrogated, Sensei learned more about them and their reasons of protesting. Now Sensei wants to try and reopen SRT, which led him to meeting Kaya, representative of the Defense Council.

Chief of Staff's Circumstances
Through Sensei's conversation with Kaya, they learned more about how SRT works and the reasoning behind its shutdown. Unfortunately, reopening SRT is basically impossible, and the least Kaya could do is let Sensei choose the Rabbit Squad's fate.

Unresolved Distrust
Once Sensei found the Rabbit Squad, they told them that they're free to do whatever they want, besides going back to SRT. Sensei recommended them to stay in Schale's dorms, but they found it rather suspicious, so Sensei recommended them to stay in the park where they had their protest, to which they accepted.

Food Delivery Operation
The next morning, Sensei paid a visit to Kousagi Park where the Rabbit Squad was, but tripped on a trap there. As they were talking, Saki's stomach grumbled. They hadn't had anything to eat. Seeing this, Sensei offered some cup ramen, but was declined by the overly proud Rabbit Squad. So Sensei decided to tease them for a bit, by preparing the cup ramen right in front of them, which ended up working. Though as they were about to take the cup ramen, Sensei made an oopsie with their wording which caused the Rabbit Squad to refuse the offer. So Sensei decided to give them an address, which led to Schale's convenience store with Sora waiting for them with a bunch of expired bentos.

Operation Carrot
A few days later, Sensei visited the park again only to see the Rabbit Squad fighting over different types of bentos. Sensei also found out that the Rabbit Squad had not showered, though Sensei thought it was them who didn't. Sensei recommended them to use oil drum barrels as a bathtub, but since the Rabbit Squad didn't have any, they decided to initiate Operation: Carrot and steal some drum barrels, though they did not consider it as stealing.

After a few mishaps during the operation, they managed to return with the barrels. So they instantly started preparing their bathtubs. For some weird reason, Sensei was there while they're taking a bath. This angered the Rabbit Squad, which caused them to launch some explosives towards Sensei.

A Suspicious Shadow
Sensei decided to head to a nearby market to buy supplies for Schale. They then met Kirino who's patrolling the area. She mentioned rumors about heavily-armed vagabonds roaming around the place, which worried Sensei a bit. As Sensei was returning, they met a strange person, who then forcibly anaesthetized Sensei, rendering them unconscious.

Non-Possession and Yakiniku Bentos
As Sensei regained their consciousness, the stranger introduced himself as Descartes, leader of the Pursuers of the Non-Possessive Happiness, also known as the Pursuers. Apparently, he disliked Sensei and the Rabbit Squad for taking the bentos and he planned to use Sensei as ransom, which utterly failed. So Sensei decided to call the Rabbit Squad, saying there's wagyu bento there, which led the Rabbit Squad to instantly arrive at the place, which also led to them having to deal with the Pursuers. Unsurprisingly, they were all defeated. Sadly, there were no bentos, so the Rabbit Squad returned back to the park with Sensei.

Heavy Rain Advisory
A few days after, Kivotos began its heavy rain season, which made Sensei worried about the Rabbit Squad and chose to rush there. As Sensei arrived, everything the Rabbit Squad had was drowned in rain. They all felt very down and hopeless, besides Miyako. To this, Sensei decided to help them out. Thankfully, they managed to stop the park from flooding. Unfortunately, their equipment was waterlogged. Sensei decided to head back to Schale, but ended up sick for a few days.

Rain-Soaked Bills
Sensei decided to make a proposal to help with SRT, only for it to be denied by Rin and every single chief of staff, until they ended up with Kaya. Unfortunately, she can't help even if she wanted to. So Sensei decided to head to the Rabbit Squad, but decided to grab a snack beforehand, only to find no open eatery besides a part-time student named Niko selling inarizushi. They started talking as Sensei ate the inarizushi. Once they're done, Niko decided to give Sensei the leftovers and close up shop. As Sensei arrived at the park, they decided to chat a bit with the Rabbit Squad and explained what they heard from Niko.

The Barter System
Unfortunately, the Rabbit Squad's equipment was still damaged, but Moe had an idea, bartering. Apparently, Moe is a VIP client of Kaiser Industries, which led to some suspicions. Surprisingly, every single firearm Kaiser had was bought by an anonymous buyer.

A Small but Certain Failure
Moe came up with another idea, second-hand auctions. Surprisingly, it worked. As the rest of the Rabbit Squad were speechless, Descartes appeared asking for help, but was interrupted by what seems to be the Public Peace Bureau led by Kanna.

Rebate
Kanna was assigned to drive out the Rabbit Squad out of the park, but Sensei managed to convince her to give them some time. Sensei also noticed that Kanna seemed like she didn't want to do this. As Kanna and the Public Peace Bureau left, Sensei thought of a theory regarding Valkyrie and Kaiser's situations. So they decided to infiltrate Valkyrie to retrieve evidence of Valkyrie's illegal transactions. Sensei will deal with the repercussions later.

Operation Clover
It was time for Rabbit Squad to infiltrate Valkyrie. Sadly, Sensei couldn't join in on the infiltration because they were not trained to rappel down from great heights, so they'll be supporting from the back. Although the Rabbit Squad had quite the situation in the middle of the infiltration, they managed to collect the evidence and escape to the rooftop. As they were waiting for Moe to bring in the helicopter, Kanna appeared by climbing the side of the building. As Kanna was about to apprehend the Rabbit Squad, Miyako showed Valkyrie's illegal transaction evidence, but Kanna couldn't accept it, until Sensei gave her a piece of their mind. Once the Rabbit Squad returned, it was time for Sensei to do their part.

Fox in the Hole
Following the next day, thanks to Sensei, Kaiser cancelled their plans of redeveloping Kousagi Park and kicking out the homeless people. Descartes also wanted to thank them, by giving them a chicken bone karaage, to which they returned the favor by sending armor-piercing explosives towards him, ending Volume 4.

Volume F: Where All Miracles Begin
F.1 Operation: Retake Schale
Catastrophe
Sensei had a dream seeing Shiroko, but at the same time, she was not Shiroko. As they called out her name, she fired a bullet at them, waking them up from that dream. As Sensei woke up, Arona asked if they're okay. Sensei decided to check if Arona is okay as well. Apparently, Sensei had the same dream multiple times now. So they decided to visit Seia to ask for her take on this. Oddly enough, Seia had the exact same dream. She also believed that this dream's related to the end of Kivotos. So Sensei decided to tell Rin about it, only to see Rin's disbelief.

Omen
As everyone was living their daily lives, Momoka found something. Data showed that six ultra dense energy masses spread out across the city, one of them sitting right at the Sanctum Tower. Momoka tried to put it aside, but Rin knew something was off and decided to call a meeting of all Autonomous District representatives, which was denied by Director Aoi, but Rin proceeded anyway. She also had to bring in Sensei as none of the AD representatives would get along without Sensei.

Emergency Summons
Arona received Rin's mail and summarized it to Sensei. She also said that a car had been prepared to escort Sensei. Sensei thanked her and waited. Not too long after, some Valkyrie students arrived, saying that they're Sensei's escorts and that their helicopter had arrived to escort Sensei. Without thinking about it, they entered the helicopter. As the helicopter flew, Sensei remembered something Kirino said. "Valkyrie has been short on funds lately, so how did they get a helicopter?" Sensei asked to themselves. Then, it clicked. It was not Valkyrie, but rather Kaiser PMC.

Arrival
As one of the Kaiser PMC soldiers was about to fire a bullet towards Sensei, his gun bent out of shape. Another one tried to fire right against Sensei's skin, but the gun wouldn't fire. Another soldier tried spraying bullets, but somehow all of them missed. Apparently, Arona was the one protecting Sensei. Though it didn't last long. Something appeared. Everything flashed red, and the Shittim Chest, where Arona was, turned off, leaving Sensei vulnerable. Sensei suddenly felt dizzy and fell unconscious.

Clash
As Sensei opened their eyes, Sensei realized they were caged. They also saw two guards talking about the Shittim Chest. It must've been taken away as it was not with Sensei anymore. As the guards headed upstairs due to hearing gunshots, Kanna appeared and rescued Sensei, though she was not in her best conditions. As Sensei and Kanna escaped, they met with Kirino and Fubuki, and they all decided to hide somewhere temporarily. As they rested for a while, Kanna explained the situation about Kaiser, the GSC, and the emergency meeting that didn't go well due to Sensei's absence. Now the entirety of D.U. is under martial law. Eventually, the soldiers found where they're hiding, so Kanna gave Sensei their smartphone and tablet and instructed them to leave her be. Fortunately, the tablet was the main thing Sensei needed. As Sensei inputted the password, it was time to take command again.

Escape
As they all escaped, Sensei told Arona to contact anyone she could reach. Unfortunately, she was only able to get in contact for a few seconds, but that was all they needed, as the Rabbit Squad appeared right after. Afterwards, all of them fended off the PMC soldiers and escaped towards the Kousagi Park.

Operation: Retake Schale
Arona decided to explain what's going on as Kanna took a rest inside one of the tents. Their only available option right now is to head to Schale and regain access to the Sanctum Tower manually. Once preparations were complete, it was time to fight back. As they fought back, students from Valkyrie appeared and wanted to help out too, reason being wanting to help Kanna out. Together under Miyako and Sensei's command. they managed to take out all of Kaiser's troops, including their Special Operations Forces, and rescued Rin.

Story?
Once they dealt with Kaiser's General, Sensei took back access to the Sanctum Tower, and everything went back online, receiving around 250 missed calls. Suddenly, the sky turned red. Golconde--no, Francis, made his appearance and told Sensei to heed his final warning, as Kivotos' demise approached closer and closer by the minute. But Sensei couldn't care one bit. Sensei told Arona to contact 'every single student.' It was time that they take their last stand against the inevitable apocalypse. It was Schale's moment in the spotlight, and Sensei's not letting everything come to an end.

F.2 Operation: False Sanctum
Iridescent Vanguard
As the six towers appeared, Black Suit made his entrance in front of Sensei in the Schale rooftop. Black Suit explained the situation regarding the Iridescent Vanguard, Phrenapates, and Anubis. But Sensei wasn't gonna let Kivotos meet its demise, not on their watch. They brought out the grown-up card for the third time, but Black Suit warned them. Abuse the card too much, and they will suffer the same fate as Gematria.

Strategy Meeting
As Sensei dealt with the threats around DU, students who act as their respective AD representatives arrived at Schale. Once Sensei returned, a meeting began regarding the current situation and plans to stop it. Unfortunately, it's not as easy as just simply destroying the towers and everything gets resolved. Since Seia saw this through her dream, she suggested Sensei that they find Kuzunoha quickly, only to be stopped by Niya and Kaho saying that Kuzunoha is only a myth. As Sensei and Seia were reconsidering their options, Niya said that she might have a way to find Kuzunoha, but she needed time.


---
Background
Originally outside Kivotos, Sensei is apparently called into Kivotos by the General Student Council President to save the Academy City from threats as a result of her sudden disappearance. Sensei is granted the Shittim Chest by the General Student Council Vice President Rin and joins the Extrajudicial Club SCHALE in hopes of helping and guiding any students in need.

Appearances

Sensei's appearance in Blue Archive: The Animation.
Officially, Sensei is featureless as a result of them being a self-insert. However, some adaptations, both official license and official doujin, have their own depictions of Sensei.

Blue Archive: The Animation
Sensei appears to be a young adult man, with an average build. He has short and wavy black hair with bangs on the right side of his face. He wears a grey office suit containing grey blazers and pants, a white collared shirt, and black shoes. Around his neck is a black lanyard with his ID badge clipped.

Personality
As created to be a self-insert, many of Sensei's personality is chosen by the players through dialogue choices. However, Sensei's most prominent character is their sense of duty and responsibility to guide and protect their students. The lengths they will go to for their students are endless. Despite Black Suit's multiple attempts to recruit them, Sensei refuses and even threatens him with their Adult Card if he doesn't reveal where Hoshino is located. They also are willing to forgive any students and won't see any of them as beyond redemption, telling both Mika and Saori that they'll give them infinite chances. Kai questions Sensei's idealism in Descent of the Five Senses, questioning if they are an ally to every student. Sensei reiterates that they are indeed an ally to every student, so long as they don't cause any trouble. Even as Kai insists that she won't change her ways, Sensei is still determined to not abandon her and tells her to not abandon herself.

They are also famous (or infamous) for being a hard worker. They are repeatedly shown to pull all-nighters just to get their work done. This worries some of their students, as Sensei skips meals and even ruins their health to complete their work. Because of their work ethic, Sensei is very quick to complete paperwork, which surprises even students known to do paperwork. They are known to love the Mecha genre, going so far as to purchase numerous expensive transforming figures at the cost of necessities. Sensei's personality also depends on the student they are interacting with. They can be playful to some, like with Iori, snarky towards his students, most notably towards Shizuko, or cautious towards particularly dangerous students like with Wakamo and Haruna.

Abilities
	This section is under construction
Due to being outside Kivotos, Sensei lacks the halo and the hardened bodies and mystic abilities that the students all have. As such, they prefer to support the students' skirmishes from outside the firing zone. As a result of their experience as an adult, Sensei is a master in both strategy and tactics. Their most prominent feat in this regard is the subduing of the RABBIT Squad, an elite team of first-years enrolling at SRT Special Academy, with only Kirino and Fubuki, two underperforming members of the Public Safety Bureau, a club not even tasked to handle hostilities, while almost the entirety of the Valkyrie Police School struggled to get near their target.

Possessions
Shittim Chest
A computer tablet was bestowed by the mysterious General Student Council President to assist Sensei with their teaching duties. In addition to doing everything a computer tablet can do, it could do a wide variety of "miracles," such as protecting Sensei from harm, essentially acting as a halo for them.

Adult Card
Sensei possesses a credit card of some sort that "trades away one's time and life for extraordinary power". Its abilities are unknown. However, the game visualizes it as using the students the player has built throughout their account as opposed to the ones tailored for the story. It has the power to single-handedly destroy Hieronymus.

Relationships
As Sensei goes to help every student who needs guidance, they befriend an ever-growing list of students from a variety of schools.

SCHALE
Arona
Sensei quickly befriends the Shittim Chest's OS on their first day of Kivotos. Arona assists Sensei in their teacher duties with enthusiasm and becomes very sullen when she fails to help them in any way.

Plana
After the events of Volume F, Plana now resides in the Shittim Chest as its second OS. Despite her stoic demeanour, Plana likes Sensei just as much as Arona does.

General Student Council
Nanagami Rin
As chosen by the General Student Council President, Rin puts a lot of trust in Sensei and is delighted when they perform their duties well. Sensei is very affectionate towards her, calling her Rin-chan (Rinny in the global version) much to her annoyance.

Seven Prisoners
Kosaka Wakamo
In the Prologue, Wakamo falls in love with Sensei at first sight and is extremely possessive of them. Sensei, while personally afraid of Wakamo, tries their best to set her on the right path, with varying results.

Kiyosumi Akira
Akira respects Sensei enough to consider joining forces to stop an illegal auction from happening despite only meeting them today. She secretly confides to them about her goals and thoughts. Sensei, in return for her consideration, tries to understand her thoughts and doesn't write her off as a villain, an action that deeply moved her. She secretly records their voice as a result of her growing affection.

Shintani Kai
Kai has expressed an interest in Sensei for a while. They finally met in Descent of the Five Senses, where they argued about the topic of salvation. Kai felt satisfied in meeting Sensei, being the only person that she showed any respect.
---
“	If you believe your bikini bottoms are panties, then they're panties.	”
~ Sensei, to Seia

Sensei (先生) is the player's character and main protagonist of Blue Archive who serves as the advisor of SCHALE, and also an adult.

A teacher called by the President of the General Student Council to save Kivotos from the initial criminal uprising. From there, supported by Arona and the students of various academies, Sensei watches over Kivotos, solving problems, protecting the people, and getting into all sorts of (mis)adventures and wacky antics all the while.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.4	Weapons & Equipment
2	Powers & Abilities
3	Weaknesses
4	Trivia
5	Navigation
Quick Answers
fandom logo
What role does Sensei play in the Blue Archive anime?toggle section
Sensei, the main character of the Blue Archive anime, serves as a teacher, SCHALE advisor, and federal investigator. Summoned by the President of the General Student Council, they work to protect Kivotos from criminal activities, with the aid of Arona and the students.
Provided by: Community
Who are some of the students that Sensei supports in Blue Archive?toggle section
They support any students who request their help, often interacting with them in their respective clubs and guiding them through various activities. To name a few, Sunaookami Shiroko, Takanashi Hoshino, Kuromi Serika, Okusora Ayane, Izayoi Nonomi.
Provided by: Community
What is the mission of Sensei in the Blue Archive game?toggle section
Sensei, a central character in the Blue Archive game, has a mission of addressing issues across Kivotos' schools. This involves guiding their students towards improved futures. The narrative unfolds through various missions and chapters, with Sensei being integral to each.
Provided by: Fandom
How does Sensei contribute to the plot of Blue Archive?toggle section
Sensei, the main character in Blue Archive, is instrumental in shaping the story. Their adventures span across the Kivotos schools, where they resolve diverse issues and guide students towards improved futures. Their decisions and actions significantly influence the narrative's progression.
Provided by: Community
What is the relationship between Sensei and Arona in Blue Archive?toggle section
In Blue Archive, Arona is a guide for Sensei during their Kivotos adventure. She offers assistance and protection via the Shittim Chest while also interacting with each other.
Provided by: Community
00:00

00:00





Profile
Introduction
A teacher with a strange affinity for military tactics, Sensei is the advisor for SCHALE. With the help of Arona and the students of various academies, Sensei keeps the peace in Kivotos while getting into wacky antics with the city's students, guiding them to be better while getting closer to them.


Advertisement
Personality
Sensei's personality varies wildly, be it childish or mature, oblivious or sharp, cunning or gullible. In general, Sensei seem to change their attitude to fit the students. Sensei has an unusual obsession with gacha games, robots and other childish obsessions, while also giving nuggets of wisdom and being able to teach and encourage students. These changes only vary more with player dialogue choices. The only constants in personality are their dedication to safeguarding the wellbeing and happiness of their students, and their unusual affinity for combat tactics. Together, these allow Sensei to become a magnetic personality that attracts the students to them, with many of the girls even developing romantic feelings.

Appearance
In-game, Sensei is the player's self-insert character, allowing the player to imagine their sex or any appearance they want for themselves.

Though Isakusan, the scenario director, specifies that Sensei is supposed to represent how the player wants to represent themselves as, there is one notable instance of a "canon" appearance for Sensei: Arona once depicted Sensei as a crude, childishly drawn smiling character on Arona Channel, a depiction that became popular throughout the fandom. Arona would reuse this depiction of Sensei when she baked cookies showing her and Sensei together holding hands; in that respect, we can say it is the only icon appeared in-game. Publishers seem to be using it conveniently, such as the SRT mini-game released for limited time, the TW-official hot dog shop collaboration, and graffiti on the JP-official images.

Isakusan also defines all media franchises of Sensei as non-canon for the original game. As such, other platforms can depict Sensei freely. The infamous Problem Solver 68 Manga where Sensei is depicted as a handsome young man with short hair, wearing glasses, a black undershirt and a long white professor's coat. In the Game Development Department's Manga, Sensei has a head similar to a portrait by Arona and a tremendous mass of muscles. In other manga anthologies also have many variations of Sensei's gender, age, and appearance widely.

In the 2024 anime adaptation, Sensei's appearance uses clothing that is common among adults working as white-collar office workers, with Sensei wearing a gray suit with matching pants, and a white long-sleeved polo shirt worn underneath, black tie, and black shoes. Similarly, the facial expressions are reminiscent of the greatest common denominator faces that are often used in illustrations of government offices and public spaces in East Asia.

Advertisement

Weapons & Equipment
The "Adult Card" (大人のカード), also known as the "Credit Card" on Global, is Sensei's trump card. According to Maestro, it is a power obtained for the price of life and time, and is very alien that even the eldritch beings of Gematria require "meta-cognition" to comprehend it. Although the exact capability of the Adult Card is still unknown, it allows Sensei to fight on a level even beyond the superhuman students of Kivotos. This is depicted in gameplay by allowing you to use your own student lineup in a story episode battle instead of a pre-arranged story team. The card itself is a meta reference to gacha mechanics, especially for longtime, paying players. This type of players has likely built up a roster of powerful students by paying for gacha rolls and stamina refreshes to create a strong team, spending time and money and using a credit card to make the payment. Black Suit also mentioned that continuous abuse of the card can lead to a sort of corruption similar to what Gematria has gone through. Though what this actually means is still unclear, it can be said that this is a reference to people who abuse their Credit Cards too much and end up broke.

The Credit Card has been used five times in the story so far: once to defeat an incomplete version of Hieronymus during V3C3E24, the second time to rescue Mika during V3C4E25, the third to clear out mysterious enemies surrounding the District of Utnapishtim during VFC2E1, the fourth to battle Phrenapates during VFC4E6, and the fifth to defeat The Fury of Set during V1C3E39.

Powers & Abilities
Genius Intellect: As a teacher, Sensei is likely smarter than most characters in the game when it comes to certain aspects such as military tactics and serious topics like politics, things that most students would probably not understand as much unless they focus on those topics, and can easily teach multiple students. They are also able to provide various moral lessons that fit with the situation, such as the infamous quote: "If you believe that your bikini bottoms are panties, then they're panties.", which they said to Yurizono Seia. The quote itself means that "If you believe that something is right or important, so it is."
Military Acumen: Sensei doesn't directly engage in combat. However, they somehow possess military strategies and tactics, and are the one directing the students in combat, specifically shown by the player choosing who to deploy in combat, where they move in missions and when and where to activate the students' EX Skills. Sensei's knowledge in tactics and commanding capabilities has allowed them to turn the tides in various disadvantageous battles.
SCHALE Rights: Sensei has extrajudicial authority under SCHALE, being able to perform certain duties and bypass procedures for the sake of the students. This allows enlistment of any student from any school to take part in missions, being able to act as club advisor, allowing immediate establishment of a club in a matter of hours and even standing in for the General Student Council President in absolute emergencies, as seen in V3C3E19.
"Authority": Sensei seems to have a supernatural authority within Kivotos. Aside from the extrajudicial authority provided by SCHALE, certain areas and objects require Sensei to open, such as the Shittim Chest and the Ruins during the Millennium Arc.
Advertisement
Weaknesses
Vulnerability to Bodily Harm: As a normal person, unlike the incredibly durable citizens of Kivotos, Sensei is significantly vulnerable to bullets, as they can potentially die in one shot. A fitting example is during the Treaty of Eden (Volume 3), where Sensei once got shot by Saori and, despite Hina taking the bullet to protect Sensei, the bullet fragments caused serious injuries leading them to lose consciousness. This weakness is covered by the Shittim Chest's ability to protect them should it be in close proximity and have enough power. Outside such cases, Sensei is vulnerable to harm. The protection it grants is also limited, as it cannot protect them from grave threats nor when the power runs out.
Acrophobia (fear of heights): During the Rabbit of Caerbannog Arc, Sensei was part of Operation: Clover, an operation where the members of the RABBIT Platoon would infiltrate Valkyrie to retrieve evidence of Valkyrie's illegal activities with the Kaiser Corporation. During the infiltration, the Rabbit Platoon members grappled down from a building, but Sensei didn't follow along with them. One of the dialogue options during this situation mentioned that Sensei has a fear of heights. Additionally, in Kotama's Relationship Stories Episode 1: Grown-Up Secrets, she tried to wiretap Schale's Executive Office but was caught by Sensei. Somewhere along the conversation, Sensei admitted that their weakness was being afraid of heights.
Trivia
Although Sensei is never directly addressed as a male, there are a number of indirect references that suggest that Sensei is male, as in the following quote from Saki when replying to Sensei's suggestion for her to do a handstand, "Why would you ask a female student wearing a skirt to do a handstand?" However, in Akane's student story, teachers can specify to be called an 'onii-chan' or 'onee-chan', the latter being the female equivalent of big brother in Japanese.
Regarding pronouns, Sensei is referred to as "they", adding to the ambiguity.
Despite the fact that Sensei's gender is purposely kept ambiguous in-game, the global version of the game often uses language that directly asserts Sensei as male.
In the JP version, the situation is a little bit different. As a linguistic property of Japanese tones change blatantly depending on gender, but Sensei's aren't. Their first person pronoun is "watashi" (私), gender independent words that are used by both genders in formal settings, but have a neutral or slightly feminine impression in private spaces. Gender-specific tones are also avoided. This localization policy blurs gender even more than he/she's intentional avoidance.
Sensei's face isn't officially shown in game, but Arona has made a drawing of their face as well as a gingerbread chocolate figure of them. At the very least, they are not bald.
Arona's Sensei drawing is also frequently used by the community.
As Volume 3 reveals, education in Kivotos is mostly done by Blu-Ray, with in-person teaching being restricted to guest lecturers and assistants. Thus, Sensei is possibly the only traditional dedicated teacher in the entirety of Kivotos.
In fact, Koyuki was surprised to meet a teacher for the first time when she met Sensei during the Bunny Chaser on Board event.
In an interview with the scenario writer, Isakusan, it's revealed that a "teacher" is a being that has completed their growth, or a complete being. What this fully entails is still unknown, but this contrasts Sensei with their "incomplete" students.
Sensei's appearance in the Blue Archive Problem Solver 68 Business Diary manga has led some of the English-speaking fans to point out his loose resemblance to Sōsuke Aizen, a character from a manga titled "Bleach".
Sensei's official appearance on "Blue Archive, The Animation", along with the key visual reveals prior to the premiere, has caused a sudden viral trend throughout most social medias as their gender is always an unanswered question, and their iconic "doodle" version is the only official one in the original game. This Sensei was also designed by DoReMi, who was thankful for being chosen for the project. This makes DoReMi the official artist for Sensei of the Animation.
Although most official depictions of Sensei are not visibly armed, they would likely be owning a Beretta 92FS pistol as shown on the teaser image. This is likely their SCHALE issued firearm given the insignia stamped on the grips likely for self defense purposes. Despite that, they would not be seen carrying it around when near students.
This could also be for Sensei's sake since they would be less likely to be pointed at with a gun in case a firefight erupts. This is because armed women would often prioritize other armed assailants in a gunfight. And given Sensei's extreme vulnerability against conventional firearms, this is the likely reason why they are not seen carrying around a gun.

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
-Based-	-on the-	-player-
School Club / Affiliation(s)
SCHALE
Occupation
Teacher
Federal Investigator
Advisor of SCHALE
---
Sensei
Organization	Schale
Age	Unknown
Height	Unknown
Voice	None (in-game)
Shogo Sakata (anime)