“	But you aren't her, Rin. And you never will be.	„
~ Aoi to Rin	

Contents
1	Introduction
2	Personality
3	Trivia
4	External Links
5	Navigation
Advertisement
Introduction
Aoi Oki (扇喜アオイ in Japanese) is one of the characters in the 2021 roleplay game Blue Archive who works at the General Student Council (GSC),the overall manager of the Kivotos, the city where the game's setting takes place. Aoi works specifically as the Chief of the Finance Office. She also assists the Sensei of Schale, the main character of Blue Archive, with financial statements.

Her appearance in the story is rather rare, only appearing briefly during the first and third chapter of the main story, "Where All Miracles Begin", and the second chapter of the fourth volume, the "Rabbit of Caerbannog". She played a slightly antagonistic role during the first chapter of the final volume due to her disagreement towards the decision of Rin Nanagami, the acting president of the General Student Council, where she proposed an emergency meeting with the representatives of all the academies in Kivotos, in addition to Aoi's suspicions towards Rin's neglect in duties and abuse in power. However, her suspicions were proven wrong, and she reappeared in the third chapter attempting to apologize, which Rin accepted.

Personality
There isn't much to say regarding Aoi's personality due to her rare appearances in the story. She appears as a strict and serious person, following the rules and regulations and disliking having to go around it, which was one of the main factors of her disagreement towards Rin's decisions. However, she is aware of herself and is willing to apologize whenever deemed necessary.
---
General Student Council
Nanagami Rin
Ever since Rin became the acting president of the General Student Council, there has been some suspicions claiming that Rin was abusing her powers to fit her needs, and Aoi was one of those skeptical people. Her suspicions were strengthened when Rin proposed an emergency meeting with representatives from all schools which Aoi deemed it unnecessary. Eventually, problems arised which led to the General Student Council's temporary downfall and Rin, with the help of Sensei and others, brought it back up.

During VFC3, Rin, alongside other students and Sensei, were headed towards space on The Ship of Utnapishtim. Before their departure, Aoi managed to call Rin and apologized to her, but Rin told her it was unnecessary. Instead, her final words were that if she didn't come back, Aoi will need to take her place. Thankfully, Rin managed to return safely.

Iwabitsu Ayumu
When Aoi confronted Rin about her suspicions of Rin's neglection of duties, Ayumu was there to support Rin and to attempt to change Aoi's mind.

Yuragi Momoka
When Aoi confronted Rin, Momoka wanted to support Rin, but she was scared of the tense atmosphere Aoi created with Rin and wanted leave before being stopped by Ayumu.

Shiranui Kaya
During V4C2, Kaya became acting president through unfair and illegal means that were not realized by most people. Unlike Rin however, Kaya was pretty irresponsible. She was not following the General Student Council guidelines. One instance of this was when Kaya used Arabic numerals when writing a proposal when the guidelines require Chinese numerals, which resulted in Aoi telling Kaya to fix the proposal or it'll get rejected.

SCHALE
Sensei
Aoi assists Sensei in Schale Meeting With General Student Council.


---
“	But you aren't her, Rin. And you never will be.	”
~ Aoi, to Rin

Oki Aoi (扇喜アオイ) is a non-playable character in Blue Archive who is the chief of the General Student Council's Finance Office.

She assists Sensei in Schale's Financial Statement with General Student Council.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.3.1	Halo
1.3.2	Uniform
1.3.3	Firearm
2	Trivia
3	Navigation
Quick Answers
fandom logo
What is Oki Aoi's role in the General Student Council?toggle section
Oki Aoi holds the position of Chief Finance Officer. Like a treasurer, she handles financial statements for the General Student Council.
Provided by: Community
Who designed Oki Aoi?toggle section
Oki Aoi is designed and illustrated by YutokaMizu.
Provided by: Community
Who voices Oki Aoi in Blue Archive?toggle section
Oki Aoi is voiced by Saitō Yuka.
Provided by: Community
Advertisement
Profile
Introduction
Oki Aoi (扇喜アオイ Oki Aoi) works at the General Student Council (GSC),the overall manager of Kivotos. Aoi works specifically as the Chief of the Finance Office.

Personality
Oki Aoi appears as a strict and serious person, following the rules and regulations and disliking having to go around it. However, she is aware of herself and is willing to apologize whenever deemed necessary.

Appearance
Oki Aoi has short navy blue bob cut that cover her right elf-like ear and her bangs are side-swept. She have 2 little black earrings in her left elf-like ear. Oki Aoi is well-proportioned.

Halo
Oki Aoi's halo is a light blue color. Her halo have a circular shape with another 2 circle in the middle. In the middle of her little 2 circle is a plus shape figure. the 2 cirle is cut in half.

Uniform
Oki Aoi wear a high-waisted skirt that reaches her ankle, the skirt has two slits when reach the ankle, showing a bluish color inside. She wears a white dress shirt, decorated with golden buttons across the chest, with two buttons on each sleeve, and a dark blue tie. Her shirt reaches her waist, as her skirt tucks slightly under her dress shirt. The dress shirt floats a bit. Her skirt has a black belt that hold a standard sized Glock 17 gen 4, in a white holster that matchs her white skirt and dress shirt.

Firearm
She uses the standard sized Glock 17 gen 4 in 9mm. A white slide pared with a blue grip and additional blue marking shown near the rear sight.

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
N/A	N/A	N/A
School Year
Second Year
School Club / Affiliation(s)
General Student Council
Occupation
Chief Finance Officer
Hobby
Reading
Strolling