“	Those who have a lot of power exploit those who don't. Those who are knowledgeable exploit those who are not. Isn't that a fact that every adult knows?	„
~ Black Suit to Sensei.	
“	So put that card away, Sensei, you've got to live your life, you've got to eat, you've got to take the subway, you've got to pay your rent, you've got to deal with all that kind of pointless, insignificant stuff, and I'm telling you, Sensei, spend it on something more important than those kids.	„
~ Black Suit watching the fourth wall.	
The man aliased Black Suit is the main antagonist of the 2021 roleplay RPG game Blue Archive. He is an enigmatic historian and archeologist, and a member of Gematria.

True to his alias, Black Suit is wearing a normal suit, but his head is broken, and black smoke is coming out of it. He is called "Black Suit" by Hoshino and targets Kivotos' students for some kind of research purpose.


Contents
1	Personality
2	Biography
2.1	Volume 1: The Foreclosure Task Force
2.2	Volume F: Where All Miracles Begin
3	Theme
3.1	Black Suit
4	Trivia
5	External Links
6	Navigation
Advertisement
Personality
Black Suit is mysterious and enigmatic, and he values research and pragmatism. He's willing to do anything to satisfy his research, and has been shown to get what he wants through fraudulent contracts.

He values "contracts", which seem to be literally a force that makes both parties irrevocable contracts, not just contracts on paper. Due to the nature of his ability, the consent of the other party is also indispensable, so he takes advantage of his manipulation and a method close to fraud by piercing the gap between the contents of the contract. Among the things obtained through this contract, Black Suit uses a lot of science and technology as his "main weapons", and although it is not the technology he developed, he also created a defense program that can block even halo destruction bombs.

Black Suit also seems to be procuring weapons from the outside of Kivotos or the Ruins, and the hypersonic cruise missile that flew into Trinity in Vol. 3 was also brought by him. Also, looking at the Kaiser Corporation's support to the extent of encroaching on Kivotos, it seems that if you join hands with him, you can provide funds and legal rights to run a large-scale private military company branch. It seems that one of his contracts is that he enlists Decagrammaton's Ten Prophets and launches an all-out war against the teacher when he wants.

Black Suit truly respects Sensei and has honor for him. As an example, he considers them a colleague who will share his will, admits that negotiations with them having broken down, informs them that Hoshino is detained by Kaiser PMC and that they are trying to inject fear into her, When Kivotos was invaded by the Iridencence by Beatrice, he temporarily disbanded Gematria for his comrades' safety and formed a temporary alliance with Sensei, SCHALE, and the academies in Kivotos. Tried to thwart the invasion.

Biography
Volume 1: The Foreclosure Task Force
A member of Gematria who first appeared in the story. Black Suit is seen collaborating with the Kaiser Corporation to conduct an experiment. Several years before Chalet's teacher arrived, he had been continuously offering to recruit Hoshino Takanashi on the condition of debt relief, but Hoshino, who refused, eventually accepted his offer for the sake of his colleagues as he could not withstand Kaiser's tyranny at the point of the first chapter. Now, he want to take her away, imprison her, and instill fear in her. At this time, if the Kaiser Corporation takes over Abydos High School and creates a private school under the control of the corporation, it would be an interesting enough experiment, and Hoshino despairs.

However, when Sensei who had been following Hoshino came to visit, Black Suit greeted them politely and responded logically, saying, "She has already written a letter of resignation and came voluntarily, but is it not respecting her to leave her alone?' The letter of resignation has no effect, so unless she, the current advisor teacher, gives permission, she is still a student that I must protect." Sensei takes out the "Credit Card", but rather, Black Suit himself stays silent for a while and desperately persuades Sensei to stop him. According to the black suit, he has to pay the price of life and time in using the Credit Card.

However, when Sensei eventually refused to give up despite Black Suit's desperate persuasion, he admitted that the negotiations had broken down, and informed them that Hoshino was detained in Kaiser PMC and that they were trying to experiment to inject fear into her. Black Suit left the word that he would keep an eye on Sensei from now on and withdrew.

Afterwards, Sensei relayed information about Black Suit to the student council, but unlike the wanted Kaiser PMC director, they couldn't find any clues about the man in black suit.

Volume F: Where All Miracles Begin
After the Divi:Sion and Eden Treaty incident, they were puzzled that even the Ark of Atra-Hasis was observed as a result of the arrival of variables that even they could not control at the Gematria meeting again. Then, when he said that the color was coming here by observing Kivotos through Beatrice, he intervened saying that the possibility would be low based on the 'probability theory', but Beatrice spit out the remark that he contacted the color himself and passed over the coordinates of Kivotos. Upon hearing this, even the black suit was taken off the crane, and as the maestro, who had previously gnashed his teeth at Beatrice, expelled Beatrice unanimously, and in a frenzy at this, even receiving the power of color, Beatrice, who became a monster, was easily subdued through the weapon against color with the party. After that, they deal with it, and casually ask to discuss the vacancy later.

Afterwards, under the assumption that the six energy bodies discovered by the Student Council were colors, Gematria tried to proceed with Parusia, which was their plan, much earlier than expected. but suddenly Shiroko's Bad Future variant appears through a portal in front of the black suit. And even in a sudden situation, he sees in an instant that Anubis's identity is Shiroko's Bad Future variant, and leaves a promise for the future to what extent he even expected this.

In Chapter 2, he reappears with a cracked face that can't even keep the shape of his face, probably because he was severely beaten by a variant of Shiroko who uses the name of Anubis. It informs that Gematria has been destroyed and delivers basic information to the teacher to deal with the color. Afterwards, he advises the teacher who wants to use the adult card that if he abuses the card, he will face the same end as them.

Afterwards, after temporarily restoring Maestro's body and sharing the information that Golcomte has transformed into Francis, they declare that they will temporarily disband Gematria for Maestro's safety, as they will only be taken away by the colors no matter what they explore. After that, he summoned the teacher who was looking for a way to stop the invasion of color to the meeting hall of Gematria and confirmed his determination to do anything to return the terrorized sirocco to the teacher. Along with the advice that he could die, he informs us of the existence of the ancient space battleship 'Utnapishtim's Ship' buried in the Abydos desert, which was built to deal with Atrahasis' ark.

Afterwards, he convinces the teacher that what he is doing now is to challenge the future, which has already been destroyed, and that it would be easier to go back to the past and kill Shiroko. It only reaffirmed the teacher's unbreakable will that it is duty, and in the end, you watch the teacher heading to space asking if he is going to help the student.

Theme
Black Suit

Trivia
His pseudonym, Black Suit, comes from Hoshino, which he himself seems to like, and unlike other members of Gematria whose real name has been revealed, his real name is shrouded in mystery.

---
“	Those who have a lot of power exploit those who don't. Those who are knowledgeable exploit those who are not. Isn't that a fact that every adult knows?	”
~ Black Suit

Black Suit (黒服) is a non-playable character in Blue Archive who is a historian and archaeologist, a member of Gematria, and an adult.

He is the overall main antagonist of the Main Story.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
2	Trivia
3	Navigation
Quick Answers
fandom logo
What role does Black Suit play in the main story of Blue Archive?toggle section
Black Suit serves as a member of Gematria, a group of researchers looking into the mysteries of Kivotos. He played the role of the antagonist during Chapters 1 and 2 in 'The Foreclosure Task Force' Main Story Volume, where he abducted Takanashi Hoshino and used her as his guinea pig. Black Suit's primary focus was researching Decagrammaton's exploits, but a setback in their research led to a temporary disbandment of Gematria.
Provided by: Community

REPORT ISSUE
What separates Black Suit from the rest of Gematria?toggle section
Unlike typical villains, Black Suit plays by the rules. Though he often exploits the loopholes that exist within contracts he made, he resigns if the contract is invalid. Black Suit remains composed in nearly every situation and admits his mistakes when deemed necessary,
Provided by: Community

REPORT ISSUE
Where does the name 'Black Suit' come from?toggle section
The name 'Black Suit' originated from Takanashi Hoshino, who met him in the past and called him such. Black Suit was fond of the given name, and has since used it as his own.
Provided by: Community

REPORT ISSUE
Profile
Introduction
A member of the enigmatic group who call themselves Gematria and an ancient technology historian and archaeologist. He is an adult and, much like Sensei, an outsider to Kivotos. He does not regard the students' livelihood as important. However, does this truly make him a bad adult?

Advertisement
Personality
Despite being a villain, Black Suit plays his role as a villain while still playing by the rules. He abides by the rules and methods that exist in Kivotos and follows the terms and conditions inside the contracts he made, only occasionally exploiting the loopholes that exist within those contracts. In addition to how obedient he is with the rules, he also tends to be composed in almost every situation, only raising his voice once during his first conversation with Sensei. He acts rather calm and even admits his mistakes whenever necessary.

Appearance
Black Suit has an eerie appearance, possessing glossy black "skin" with cracks and other deformations. These deformations create what resembles a face, in the form of an opening for a right eye and a mouth. From the cracks, a pale blue glow is emitted. The top of his head emits what appears to be black smoke.

True to his alias, Black Suit wears a black suit. Paired with his suit is a white dress shirt, a black lounge jacket, a black necktie, black trousers, black shoes, and black gloves.

Trivia
The name "Black Suit" is implied to have originally been provided by Hoshino. Regardless of who originally gave the name, he has taken a liking to it and is fine with others referring to him as such.
Hoshino describes Black Suit as looking unlike anyone else in Kivotos.
In the anime, he is voiced by the MC of the Blue Archvie Livestream.

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
N/A	N/A	N/A
School Club / Affiliation(s)
Gematria
Kaiser Corporation (Associate, formerly)
Occupation
Historian
Archaeologist
Hobby
Researching the Nameless Priests' Technologies and Mysteries of Kivotos and Sensei
---
Full Name
Unknown
Alias
Black Suit
Origin
Blue Archive
Occupation
Historian
Archaeologist
Member of Gematria
Associate of the Kaiser Corporation (formerly)

Powers / Skills
Skills:

Genius-Level Intelligence
Strategic Leadership
Mastery of Manipulation
Charisma
Intimidation
Master Combatant
Master Martial Artist
Mutant-Physiology:

Superhuman Strength
Superhuman Durability
Superhuman Reflexes
Superhuman Stamina
Superhuman Dexterity
Superhuman Senses
Superhuman Agility
Superhuman Accuracy
Immense Healing Factor
Nigh-Invulnerability
Teleportation
Contaminant Immunity
Self-Sustenance
Goals
Make Sensei a member of Gematria.
Make Abydos High School bankrupt.
Inject Hoshino with Terror.
Form a temporary alliance with the academies of Kivotos to destroy the colors. (almost succeeded, but failed)

Crimes
Abuse of power
Psychological abuse
Torture
Terrorism
Conspiracy
Mass property damage by proxy
Kidnapping
Illegal experimentation
Corruption
Fraud

Type of Villain
Anti Villainous Mastermind