“	Rin, I've always had a problem with you. You've got no talent, yet you monopolize the trust of the student body president... and even after you became acting president, you're still trying to run things based on the opinions of those around you. You can't solve anything with that kind of middle-man politics. Kivotos need to be led by a superhuman.	„
~ Kaya shows superhuman complex.	
“	What's wrong with me? Why don't the people around me trust me for who I am? I told them everything would be perfect if they just followed my instructions, so why are they rebelling? She said that no matter what she said, every student in Kivotos followed with complete trust. What's the difference between me and her? Why can't I be "superhuman"? What's the difference between the old student council and the new one? I see. There's a lack of fear in this Kivotos. If I show maximum fear, anyone will do as I say.	„
~ Kaya Shiranui.	
Kaya Shiranui is a major antagonist in the 2021 roleplay RPG game, Blue Archive, serving as the main antagonist of the fourth volume of the Main Story, The Rabbit of Caerbannog, and one of the antagonists for the first chapter of the Final Volume, Where All Miracles Begin.

She is the Chief of the General Student Council's Defense Office, and as the name implies, her mission is to maintain the peace of Kivotos as a whole. However, she decided to attempt a coup twice with the reason of taking control of Kivotos under the guise of reviving the SRT Special Academy and abolishing the existence of SCHALE and its Sensei.


Contents
1	Personality
2	Trivia
3	External Links
4	Navigation
Advertisement
Personality
Behind her closed eyes and her willingness to help is a power-hungry, sadistic, treacherous, manipulative, and arrogant psychopath who is obsessed with extending her powers and doesn't care about anyone but herself. Unlike most students in Kivotos who became villains because they had good intentions but destructive executions or because they have been ruined by a certain tragedy, Kaya expresses legitimate malice towards people.

In the first chapter of the fourth volume, it was revealed that Kaya has been working together with the Kaiser Corporation, a corporation that has been notably suspicious, to aid her in her plans. Part of Kaya's plans was to first rebuild an area called Kousagi Town, specifically a park named Kousagi Park. Kaiser even illegally sold weapons to Valkyrie Police Academy, the police force of Kivotos, in order to clear out the area from homeless people, including a specific group of students named the RABBIT Platoon, who was part of SRT.

Unfortunately for her, her plans failed thanks to the Rabbit Platoon and Sensei, but she was still not suspected to be involved in the situation while Kaiser and Valkyrie took the blame. Annoyed, she pulled out her big guns, which was the FOX Platoon, who Kaya claimed to be the only competent partners she ever had.

In the first chapter of the final volume, Kaya managed to take over Schale with the help of Kaiser by kidnapping Sensei. However, while Kaya wanted to abolish Schale, Kaiser had other plans and decided to betray her, locking her away. But for some reason, Kaya decided to work with Kaiser again when both sides failed to keep hold of controlling Schale, claiming that the past is in the past and they should look towards the future.

In the second chapter of the fourth volume, Kaya managed to take control of the role of acting president of Kivotos by framing the original acting president, Rin Nanagami, and suppressing Rin's supporters with the help of the Fox Platoon. However, her reign did not last long as no one in Kivotos wanted to abide by her rules, policies, and desires, including people from the General Student Council. Infuriated, she wanted to activate a thermobaric bomb that was hidden under Kousagi Park, which proved to be one of the real reasons she wanted to take over the park with Kaiser, with the idea that the bomb would be enough to instill sufficient fear amongst all the residents of Kivotos to the point that they would follow Kaya's orders out of fear. When her plan failed and she was caught red-handed by Sensei and the Rabbit Platoon, she begged Sensei profusely to let her go, saying she was willing to do anything Sensei requested, but Sensei wanted none of that.

What Kaya really wants is to have rights but not responsibilities, which Sensei pointed out, and is willing to go to great lengths to achieve what she wanted, regardless of the risks her partners must deal with, such as the Fox Platoon, who was also tasked to make sure the thermobaric bomb does explode, which has a high chance of killing them on the spot. She also focuses on herself and her desires, not taking into account other factors that involve other people, such as when she expected that everyone in Kivotos follows her orders accordingly, which was one of the reasons for her downfall, as Kivotos is filled with troublemakers no matter where it is in Kivotos.

Trivia
Sensei's motif is generally Jesus, while Kaya's motif is most likely Judas Iscariot.

---
General Student Council
Nanagami Rin
Kaya's biggest obstacle to her plans of taking over Kivotos. Using a fake letter, people's suspicions of Rin's neglect towards work, and the help of people working in the background, Kaya was able to frame Rin and assume control of the role of Kivotos' acting president. Unfortunately, her reign was short-lived.

Oki Aoi
During Kaya's reign, she made a proposal but was declined by Aoi due to parts of the proposal being written in Arabic numerals instead of Chinese numerals, which is against the guidelines. Kaya tried to convince Aoi to let it slide but was rejected cold-heartedly.

Yuragi Momoka
During Kaya's reign, Momoka was given tasks by Kaya, but Momoka refused. Kaya tried to threaten her, but Momoka just ignored her since Momoka's food had just been delivered.

Iwabitsu Ayumu
Although Ayumu's position wasn't affected by Kaya's reign, Ayumu supports Rin instead of Kaya.

Haine
During Kaya's reign, Haine was considered useless and annoying to Kaya for asking what Kaya deemed as unnecessary, especially when Haine kept asking about onigiri.

FOX Platoon
Ever since SRT's shutdown, the Fox Platoon has been working directly and secretly under Kaya's orders. They played a huge part in helping Kaya take over Kivotos under the impression that this will help revive the school.

Shichido Yukino
The leader of the Fox Platoon who Kaya considered as the only compatible partner she had. It was thanks to Kaya that Yukino's vision of being a member of SRT who brings justice regardless of the situation has been blurred.

Public Security Bureau
Ogata Kanna
Kanna used to work under Kaya's orders, but thanks to Sensei's intervention, Kanna realized what she did was wrong even if those were orders.

SCHALE
Sensei
During Kaya's reign, she made an offer with Sensei where she would relieve Sensei from a huge chunk of their responsibilities with the conditions that every Schale operation will be conducted under the name of the General Student Council. Sensei refused the offer however, infuriating Kaya without their realization. When Kaya was finally caught, she tried to convince Sensei about the offer, even begging that she'll do anything for Sensei, but they still refused.

Others
Kaiser PMC General
Kaya and the General worked together behind the scenes to take over Schale. When they succeeded however, Kaiser betrayed Kaya. Despite the betrayal, both decided to work together once again during Kaya's plans to take over Kivotos. Unfortunately, both sides suffered great losses.


---
Main Story
Volume 3: Treaty of Eden
Chapter 3: Our Story
Eden Treaty Signing Ceremony
Kaya is one of the seven officers of the General Student Council present during the emergency press conference.

Volume 4: Rabbit of Caerbannog
Chapter 1: RABBIT Platoon, Move Out!
Individual Circumstances
As Sensei wonders about what will happen to RABBIT Platoon following their demonstration at Kousagi Park, Kaya arrives and offers to explain.

Another Side's Circumstances
Kaya introduces herself as the head of the General Student Council's Defence Office and explains the organization of the GSC to Sensei, seeing as they don't know. She also explains that the Defence Office is only in charge of Valkyrie Police Academy, and not SRT Special Academy. Kaya reveals that she was one of the people who opposed the closure of SRT, but notes that it'll be increasingly difficult to push for that, should incidents involving SRT students continue to happen. Finally answering Sensei's question, she requests Sensei to convince the RABBIT Platoon girls to enroll in Valkyrie, lest they end up in the streets. However, upon hearing Sensei's ideals, she decides to let Sensei handle RABBIT Platoon

A Rain-Soaked Invoice
Sensei meets with Kaya, hoping that she could help with the restoration of Bunny Park's facilities so that RABBIT Platoon can live better. However, much like the other members that they asked, she tells Sensei that helping out is impossible since officially, SRT is no more, and the park itself already has plans to undergo development. Thus, all she can do is continue to maintain their enrollment data.

After Sensei leaves, Kaya receives Kanna and requests for a report on Valkyrie's progress in the construction of Bunny Town. When Kanna reports that they're having issues, Kaya snaps and criticizes Valkyrie's incompetency. She threatens Valkyrie's closure and sends Kanna off, leaving her with advice to seek assistance. After Kanna leaves, an unknown individual appears, who Kaya calls the best partner she could ask for.

Advertisement
Foxhole
Following Valkyrie coming under fire from the press due to the details about their rebate being leaked, an investigation was assembled at an unnaturally fast speed and Kaiser announced the cancellation of their development, despite the amount of money already poured into the project. Kaya is glad her connection with Kaiser wasn't discovered, and it's revealed that the mysterious individual and her group are the FOX Platoon, who had assaulted the Sanctum Tower around a month prior. Kaya and FOX Platoon consider letting RABBIT Platoon play a role in accomplishing their ultimate goal:

“	To perform a coup d'etat for the sake of reviving SRT and abolishing SCHALE.	”
~ Kaya

Chapter 2: We Were RABBITs!
Coup d'etat
As restoration efforts went underway in the wake of the events at Where All Miracles Begin, Kaya holds Rin at gunpoint and places her under arrest under a false charge of concealing documents, Using the GSC President's secret letter the FOX Squad had obtained in the previous attack at SCHALE, she has the staffers turn against Rin on the basis of abusing authority, and orchestrates the vote of no confidence to oust her. leading Kaya to be duly sworn in as the new Acting President. Afterwards, she sets up an emergency broadcast message announcing Rin's resignation, and publicly calls out for Sensei, who is at Kousagi Park discussing with the RABBIT Squad, to come see her at the office.

New Proxy
As Sensei is escorted inside the GSC building, Kaya offers Sensei for a reformation of SCHALE's administrative structure that would place them in charge with the General Student Council and asks them to sign. After Sensei declines, Kaya tells Sensei she would make sweeping changes to the administration for the sake of Kivotos' future, and expresses hopes they would reconsider as Sensei leaves. before she becomes infuriated.

D.U.'s New Dawn
Kaya issues an executive order for Kivotos and sends Kaiser PMC's Special Operation Forces to patrol the streets, leading to a rash of indiscriminate arrests on civilians for any form of offense, as witnessed by the RABBIT Squad.

Out of Control
As Kaya sat down on the desk, she receives numerous issues such as the train hijackings and the lack of law enforcement response due to Valkyrie Public School's students being put on probation and are unavailable for duty. Kaya request Momoka for assistance, but she nonchalantly refuses, believing the hijacking can be resolved by itself, angering Kaya further. Aoi calls Kaya over to explain that she rejected the submission of the invoice entries as it was written in Arabic, and not Chinese, and requests she resubmit the invoice by tomorrow. As Kaya grumbles, Yukino asks Kaya when she would restore SRT Academy, but Kaya replied that she must focus on securing the trust from the Board of Administration. As Yukino leaves, Kaya receives a report that the Director of Human Resources is being assaulted at the headquarters by Minori and the Red Winter's Labor Party.

Advertisement
Shock and Fear
Kaya is in talks with Red Winter's Student Council President Cherino on how to deal with the protests instigated by Minori, but after she offers Kaya a signature milk chocolate which Kaya declines, Cherino decides to take a nap and ends the conversation. Kaya is astounded to learn that the Red Winter Academy has an administration that changes leadership every week, something which Rin had been competent at it. Kaya receives the call from her deputy, reporting a slew of armed robberies taking place. Outside the meeting, the staffers now began to whisper among themselves that Kaya may not be fit for office and wanted Rin back, pushing her to breaking point before storming off from the room.

Retreating to her office, she is met by Yukino and the Kaiser PMC General, who the latter warns that the current situation complicates their trust with Kaya. As she wonders how they respected Rin and not herself, she devises a plan. Much to the surprise of Yukino and the PMC General, Kaya suggests that the FOX Squad are to transport the warhead they had previously deactivated two years ago to the missile silo secretly built underneath Kousagi Station and detonate it as a show of force to those who defy Kaya's rule in an effort to gain her respect. Despite Yukino's protests that it would cause great harm to property and civilians, she accepts, under the belief that Kaya will restore the SRT Academy if she does so.

Failed Coup
Before Yukino and the FOX Squad could detonate, Sensei, Miyako, and the FOX Squad convinces her against it and they surrender themselves, As Kaya tries to call for backup upon learning that the RABBIT Squad is approaching the GSC Building, they break into General Student Council headquarters and confront Kaya. She tries to convince Sensei about her offer, but they remind her that the students that she wronged are the ones who owe an apology. When Haine arrives and attempts to defend Kaya, Miyako presents the recording given by the FOX Squad, which reveals her and FOX Squad's involvement in the last SCHALE attack for all the staffers to hear, causing them to demand for her impeachment.

Epilogue
In the aftermath, Kaya, along with Kaiser Group's associates, and the whole of the FOX Squad, are charged for conspiracy in committing acts of terror, among a litany of serious crimes, and are imprisoned. According to Mai in an interview with Descartes, Kaya continues to maintain her innocence and remains adamantly in denial, yelling as she is transported to the Corrections Bureau "When a real superhuman appears, you ignorant masses will finally understand!"


---
“	Who cares about the rules, am I right!?	”
~ Shiranui Kaya

Shiranui Kaya (不知火カヤ) is a non-playable character in Blue Archive who serves as the chief of the General Student Council's Defense Office.

She is the main antagonist of Volume 4.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.3.1	Halo
1.3.2	Uniform
1.3.3	Firearm
2	Trivia
3	Navigation
Advertisement
Profile
Introduction
As the chief of the General Student Council's Defense Office, Kaya is in charge of handling the actions of Valkyrie Police Academy and the safety of every law-abiding individual in Kivotos. Amiable and humble, many of her peers in the GSC trust her, but there seems to be something hiding beneath those closed eyes of hers...

Personality
Although at first glance Kaya appears to be quite mindful of others and willing to help those in mind, she's proven to have only aided for own benefits.

She is highly expectant of others, especially those who work for her, and will easily look down on others when they bring up failure towards their duties.

Appearance
Kaya has pink hair tied into a braid crown. And although normally closed, she has green eyes with pupils that resemble those of a goat.

Halo
Her halo is a thin, light yellow ring with two four-pointed stars on the outside, resting at opposite ends.

Uniform
Kaya wears a GSC uniform, consisting of a long white dress, the skirt of which is blue from the inside. On top of this is a cropped, long sleeved white shirt, with golden buttons, epaulettes, and a dark blue tie. She wears white tights, and white high-heels.

Firearm
She uses a white Browning Hi-Power semi-automatic pistol with a blue grip.

Trivia
Because of the previous case with Mika, in Volume 4 as of Chapter 1, Kaya became the crux of a joke that states that all pink haired girls in Blue Archive are all suspicious in one way or another.
Oh Hyunseok, one of the developers, took notice of Kaya's design and thought "This is the face of a conspirator. I need to make her start a coup." He recalled begging the team to add her as one of the main characters for this chapter.[1]

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
N/A	N/A	N/A
School Year
Third Year (Imprisoned)
School Club / Affiliation(s)
General Student Council
Valkyrie Police Academy (De Facto Leader)
Kaiser Corporation (Associate)
FOX Platoon (Secret Benefactor)
Occupation
Chief Defense Officer
Hobby
Chess
Shogi
---
Full Name
Kaya Shiranui
Alias
None
Origin
Blue Archive
Occupation
Chief of the Defense Office of the General President Council
Secret Benefactor and De Facto leader of FOX Platoon
Associate of the Kaiser Corporation

Powers / Skills
High-Level Intelligence
Mastery of Manipulation
Leadership Skills
Intimidation
Authority
Master Martial Artist
Weapons Mastery
Master Combatant
Cunning
Superhuman Condition:

Superhuman Strength
Superhuman Durability
Superhuman Dexterity
Superhuman Reflexes
Superhuman Accuracy
Pain Immunity
Goals
Becoming ruler of Kivotos.
Abolish SCHALE (both failed)

Crimes
Abuse of power
High treason
Usurpation
Terrorism
Attempted populicide
War crimes
Incrimination
Sabotage
Conspiracy
Attempted world domination

Type of Villain
Tyrannical Control Freak