“	My lunch delivery has arrived, so I'll contact you again!

„
~ Momoka	

Contents
1	Introduction
2	Personality
3	Trivia
4	External Links
5	Navigation

Advertisement
Introduction
Momoka Yuragi (由良木モモカ in Japanese) is one of the characters in the 2021 roleplay game Blue Archive who works at the General Student Council (GSC), a council that oversees all of Kivotos, the location where the game takes place. Momoka currently acts as the chief of the General Student Council's Transportation Office. She also assists the main character of Blue Archive, the Sensei of Schale, with certain operations such as Fugitive Warrants (or Bounties) and Special Requests (or Commissions).

Although Momoka has existed in the game since its launch, she has only made a significant appearance during the final volume, "Where All Miracles Begin", where she played as a supporting character throughout all four chapters.

Personality
Despite having an important role in the General Student Council, Momoka appears as an irresponsible and lazy person, apathetic towards her high position. She enjoys eating various flavors of chips, even looking for secret areas where she could enjoy them without any disturbance. It was revealed that she even memorized the layouts of the vent systems due to how frequently she runs away from work. It was only because of her friends Rin Nanagami and Ayumu Iwabitsu that Momoka remains in her current position. She also likes dumping her work on others, especially on Sensei. However, when her help is really required, especialy when it's requested by her friends, she is willing enough to lend a helping hand. "To the ends of the universe" as she claimed.


---
“	My lunch delivery has arrived, so I'll contact you again!	”
~ Yuragi Momoka

Yuragi Momoka (由良木モモカ) is a non-playable character in Blue Archive who is the chief of the General Student Council's Transportation Office.

She assists Sensei in Fugitive Warrant and Special Request.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.4	Halo
1.5	Uniform
2	Trivia
3	Reference
4	Navigation

Advertisement
Profile
Introduction
Momoka is eating sweets again. Although she is part of the General Student Council, she's a very lazy person, who often dozes off and sometimes tries to run away from work, even memorizing the layout of the vents.[1] She's quite the polar opposite of Nanagami Rin. The only thing Momoka does, other than her snack time, is handling tasks to give to Sensei to accomplish.

Personality
Momoka is quite lazy and refuses to work or take responsibility when something happens. She often doesn't care about the criticism that she receives from other people, unless it's from someone she fears, like Rin and Aoi. She also loves eating chips.

Appearance
Momoka has short pink hair tied into two twintails on the sides. She has a pair of tiny black horns with mint green tips. She has mint green eyes, and a bulky long, night blue demon tail ending in a pink spade with a white tip.

Halo
Her halo is made up of five individual four-tipped stars connected to each other's side, forming a circle. The mint green stars have bold, pink outlines.

Uniform
She wears a white, sleeveless uniform with golden buttons with a dark-blue tie. Dark blue vertical lines decorating the bottom. On top of this, she wears a white leather jacket with golden buttons, zippers, and black, gold-buttoned cuffs. The inside of her jacket is night-blue, with a starry print. She has a pink, and white band aid on her left knee. She wears thick, knitted, white knee-high socks, and a pair of white slip-on sports shoes with black midsoles, and pink pull tabs.

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
N/A	N/A	N/A
School Year
1st Year
School Club / Affiliation(s)
General Student Council
Occupation
Administrative Officer
Hobby
N/A
---
Full Name
Momoka Yuragi
Alias(es)
N/A
Origin
Blue Archive
Occupation
Chief of the General Student Council's Transportation Office.
Powers / Skills
Superhuman durability
Gunmanship
Hobby
Eating chips
Goals
Chill
Family
Unknown.
Friends / Allies
SCHALE:
Sensei
General Student Council:

Rin Nanagami
Ayumu Iwabitsu
Enemies
Kaya Shiranui
Type of Hero
Lazy Supporter