“	...If something happens to me, please take care of the General Student Council and Kivotos.	„
~ Rin to Aoi	

Contents
1	Introduction
2	Personality
3	Trivia
4	External Links
5	Navigation
Advertisement
Introduction
Rin Nanagami (七神リン in Japanese) is one of the characters in Blue Archive who works at the General Student Council, a council that oversees all of Kivotos, the location where the game takes place. She is also one of the characters of the 2024 Anime Adaptation of the same name. Rin currently acts as the Acting President of Kivotos due to being vice president and the disappearance of the actual General Student Council President. She is also tasked to assist the extrajudicial club SCHALE and its advisor Sensei, which was created before the president's disappearance.

As acting president, she gains a lot of suspicions from other schools for being incompetent and abusive in power, but Rin proceeds with her tasks regardless, gaining the supporters of some. She also assists Sensei in Total Assault Wars, an event where giant monsters appear with the students having to combine forces to deal with them. Rin also played a big part as the supporting leader throughout Chapters 2-4 of the Final Volume of the main story, Where All Miracles Begin, where an apocalypse landed across Kivotos, requiring everyone to lend in their hands and fight for their home.

Personality
A seemingly cold-hearted and expressionless person. As acting president, it's not unusual for one to be serious for the sake of the situation. With all the problems bursting from area to area and the incomplete documents piling up, it's guaranteed for Rin to get stressed out and exhausted, with Rin even being called out to have eyebags. However, despite the opinions of other people, Rin is determined to fulfill her role as the acting president until the day the president returns. It's also thanks to the support of her friends and Sensei. She is also willing to help with her friends' work despite her already piling work.


---
General Student Council
The acting student council president of Kivotos during the president's disappearance.

Yuragi Momoka
Momoka spends most of her time relaxing and avoiding work while eating her chips. Rin knows of this and doesn't pay it much mind, unless it's something really important.

Iwabitsu Ayumu
Ayumi is a hard-working girl, striving to support Rin as much as possible despite her slight clumsiness, which Rin appreciates a lot.

Oki Aoi
Although the two aren't in good terms with each other, especially thanks to suspicions of Rin neglecting her work, Aoi was able to understand Rin's situation eventually.

Shiranui Kaya
In V4C2, Kaya was able to overthrow Rin's position as acting president using a fake letter. Unfortunately, her reign did not last long and Rin was back to being the acting president.

GSC President
Currently, only Rin seems to know the president closely as both Rin and the President are close friends. The president even calls Rin "Rin-chan".

Countermeasures Committee
Okusora Ayane
Ayane helped in controlling The Ship of Utnapishtim during Occupation: Occupy Atra-Hasis during Volume F.

Seminar
Hayase Yuuka
During the Prologue, Yuuka was on of the few students who were wondering about the GSC President. Yuuka mentioned how irresponsible the president was during Kivotos' troubled state in front of Rin. Yuuka also helped in the reclamation of Schale.

Yuuka also helped in leading some students to subdue the Iridescent Hod during Operation: False Sanctum and in controlling Utnapishtim's Ship under Rin during Operation: Occupy Atra-Hasis throughout Volume F.

Advertisement
Tsukatsuki Rio
Although Rio wasn't present physically, she helped in controlling Utnapishtim's Ship as she was the only one whose knowledge about the ship and the Nameless Priests is the most prominent.

Disciplinary Committee
Hinomiya Chinatsu
During the Prologue, Chinatsu was one of the few students who went to Rin about their concern for the president's neglection of duties. She also helped in the reclamation of Schale.

Amau Ako
Ako helped in controlling Utnapishtim's Ship during Operation: Occupy Atra-Hasis.

Justice Realization Committee
Hanekawa Hasumi
During the Prologue, Hasumi visited Rin to speak about the president who's been seemingly avoiding Kivotos' problems. She also helped with the reclamation of Schale.

Trinity Vigilante Crew
Morizuki Suzumi
During the Prologue, Suzumi voiced her opinion to Rin about the president. She also helped with the reclamation of Schale.

Supplementary Lessons Department
Urawa Hanako
Hanako helped in controlling Utnapishtim's Ship during Operation: Occupy Atra-Hasis.

RABBIT Platoon
During V4C1, Rin was originally supposed to deal with the Rabbit Platoon who were protesting at that time, but due to their capabilities, she was forced to use Sensei to deal with them.

During VFC1, the Rabbit Platoon was responsible for rescuing Rin from captivity under Kaiser Corporation.

SCHALE
Sensei
Rin was the first to introduce Sensei to Kivotos. Rin brought them to the Schale building and gave them the Shittim Chest. Ever since then, Sensei has been helping out with Rin occasionally correcting their mistakes.


---
“	From here on out, it's all up to you, Sensei.	”
~ Nanagami Rin

Nanagami Rin (七神リン) is a non-playable character in Blue Archive who is the Chief Administrative Officer and the Vice President of the General Student Council, and the acting leader of Kivotos.

She assists Sensei in Total War, and is the deuteragonist of Volume F.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.4	Halo
1.5	Uniform
1.6	Firearm
2	Trivia
3	Reference
4	Navigation
Advertisement
Profile
Introduction
The Chief Administrative Officer Rin! Right now, she's busy taking over for the missing student council president...! Many students are scared of her because of her cold-hearted work style, but she doesn't seem to mind it too much.

Personality
Although people come across Rin as a cold-hearted, serious, and unforgiving person, Rin just acts that way to fit her role as acting president of Kivotos. Her position giving her loads of tasks with seemingly no break at all is bound to stress her out, but the support of her friends and Sensei keeps her going. She is also actually caring at times, lending a hand to her friends in need whenever possible and is always willing to take the initiative, although people consider her as one who neglects her work sometimes.

Appearance
Rin has long, straight black hair, dark blue on the inner side, getting more saturated towards the bottom, with fully black bangs on the front. She has azure blue eyes, and elven ears. She wears a pair of silver oval glasses for reading, and a blue four-pointed star eardrop.

Halo
Her halo appears as a dark blue crown that becomes lighter at the front with three stars of different sizes lined up a little to the right from the front.

Uniform
Rin wears a white standard uniform with gold buttons, and accents. A dark blue tie around her neck with three golden stars on it. On her hands, are a pair of white shortgloves, and on her waist is a white belt with golden buckles, holding a pistol holster. The uniform skirt has dark blue vertical lines, and a General Student Council logo on it. On top of these, she wears a long sleeved cape trench coat with a similar design. The inside of the coat has a night blue starry print. She wears black tights, and white high heels.

Firearm
Rin UE Schematic
She uses a white Desert Eagle Mk. XIX L6 pistol with dark blue grips, trigger, and integral muzzle brake.

Trivia
Rin seems to be the only one who knows the General Student Council president very well, with the president even giving Rin a nickname, "Rin-chan." ("Rinny" in english.) [1]
She is the only GSC member for now that has appeared as playable combat character by Sensei, particularly during Volume F final battle with her own "EX-Skill" present, although unanimated.

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
N/A	November 1st	N/A
School Year
Third Year
School Club / Affiliation(s)
General Student Council
Occupation
Vice President of the General Student Council
Chief Administrative Officer
Acting Leader of Kivotos
Hobby
N/A
---
Full Name
Rin Nanagami
Alias(es)
Acting President
Proxy
Rinny
Origin
Blue Archive
Occupation
Chief Administrative Officer of the General Student Council
Acting President of Kivotos
Powers / Skills
Skills:

Exceptional Intelligence
Master Martial Artist
Unarmed Combat
Charisma
Leadership skills
Master Markswomen
High Pain Tolerance
Survival Skills
Indomitable Willpower
Superhuman Condition:

Superhuman Strength
Superhuman Durability
Superhuman Stamina
Superhuman Reflexes
Superhuman Agility
Superhuman Senses
Superhuman Athleticism
Superhuman Resilience
Superhuman Accuracy
Advanced Healing Factor
Nigh-Invulnerability
Contaminant Immunity
Delayed Immortality
Self-Sustenance
Hobby
N/A
Goals
Manage Kivotos till the return of the President.
Family
Unknown.
Friends / Allies
SCHALE:

Sensei
General Student Council:

General Student Council President (Disappeared)
Momoka Yuragi
Ayumu Iwabitsu
Aoi Oki
Seminar:

Yuuka Hayase
Prefect Team:

Ako Amau
Chinatsu Hinomiya
Problem Solver 68:

Kayoko Onikata
Justice Task Force:

Hasumi Hanekawa
Trinity Vigilante Crew:

Suzumi Morizuki
Make-Up Work Club:

Hanako Urawa
Foreclosure Task Force:

Ayane Okusora
Enemies
Kaya Shiranui
Type of Hero
Leader