“	Excellent! Excellent! Oh, how I love it! That expression... it truly is irresistible.	”
~ Yabuki Shuro, to Sensei

Yabuki Shuro (箭吹シュロ) is a non-playable student studying in Hyakkiyako Alliance Academy who wields a Sniper Rifle.

She is a member of Nature's Beauty Club.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.3.1	Halo
1.3.2	Uniform
1.3.3	Firearm
2	Etymology
3	Trivia
4	Navigation
Profile
Introduction
Shuro is a mysterious girl who calls herself the ghost story teller (怪談家) of the Nature's Beauty club. She possesses many mysterious powers, many of which stem from a strange book called the Ino Mononoke Roku (稲生物怪録)). She pursues "elegance," often in the form of stories.

Advertisement
Personality
Shuro has an eerie and sadistic personality (sadistic due to the fact that in Volume 5, Chapter 1, Episode 15, she said, "The confusion, the fear! It's irresistible, really. Makes me want more."). She usually carries a smile, whatever the situation is.

Appearance
Shuro has grey hair, and dark red eyes. Her hair is styled in a messy, neck-length bob cut, its behind reaching her knees. Shuro has plenty of bandages and medical patches on her. She has bandages around her left arm, right calf and both feet. Medical patches are found on her cheek, shoulder and inner thigh.

Halo
Her halo is a dark magenta circle surrounded by three similarly colored hitodama or onibi.

Uniform
Shuro wears a side-less dark grey top, with a opening at the cleavage. The top has a black neck and two little round bells with red ropes above her chest. She also has a side-less dark grey pleated skirt, with a darkish-red obi around her waist, and a big black rope over the obi that holds a talisman. She also has a loose dark grey haori resting on her elbows with black edges and a fully dark red inside.

Firearm
She uses a black Tanegashima Matchlock Arquebus. Several ofuda talismans are wrapped around the barrel and the forestock while a white bandage cloth is wrapped on the stock.

Etymology
Yabuki means "arrow" (箭) and "blow, emit" (吹).
Trivia
She uses the pronoun temae (手前) when referring to both herself and others.
Ino Mononoke Roku, literally translated to something along the lines of "Inou's Record of Vengeful Ghosts", is a supposedly true story about a 16 year old samurai in Miyoshi named Inou Heitaro who, during July of 1749, experienced bizarre occurrences within his home for 30 days. These occurrences were said to have happened after he and his friend played a game of hyakumonogatari kaidankai at an unholy site.
She uses the oldest firearm in the game dating back as early as the 1500s when the Portuguese first made trade with the Japanese.

Profile
School Year
Unknown
School Club / Affiliation(s)
Nature's Beauty Club
Hobby
Writing novels
Surfing the web