NPC lines
Name		Transcription
Japanese	English
Shop_In_1	
Duration: 6 seconds.0:06		W-Welcome, Sensei!
Shop_In_2	
Duration: 8 seconds.0:08		I'm bored... Wah! How long have you been here?
---
SCHALE
Sensei
Sensei is the first regular customer of Angel 24. Since Angel 24 is located in Schale, it's no wonder why Sensei would constantly visit the place, especially with their frequently packed schedule.

It's also thanks to Sensei that Angel 24 has been getting more recognition from other students, since students would frequently visit Schale to check up on Sensei or to request their aid.

Advertisement
RABBIT Platoon
The students of the Rabbit Platoon frequently visits Angel 24 as the "Bento Disposal Team." As the name implies, the squad would visit to mainly collect all the expired bentos, and additionally any other unused and expired items in store. It helps Sora immensely as she doesn't have to deal with throwing all the food away.
---
“	Wel...wel...welcome! Sensei!	”
~ Sora

Sora (ソラ) is a non-playable character in Blue Archive who works at Angel 24 in Kivotos.

She serves as the face of Angel 24.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
2	Trivia
3	Navigation
Quick Answers
fandom logo
What is Sora's role at Angel 24?toggle section
Sora is a part-time worker at the Angel 24 convenience store. She took the job as she needed money but no other job was willing to accept someone from middle school.
Provided by: Community
What are some challenges Sora faces while working at Angel 24?toggle section
Sora struggles with shyness and communication difficulties, but remains committed to her role. A significant challenge she faces is the infrequent customer visits, resulting in her spending a lot of time on her phone, which can get tiresome eventually.
Provided by: Community
Who voices Sora in Blue Archive?toggle section
Sora is voiced by Hayashi Koko.
Provided by: Community
Profile
A middle school girl who works part-time at the convenience store "Angel 24", Sora is polite, but always seems a little nervous.

Introduction
This is Sora, a junior high school girl who works part-time at Angel 24, the convenience store on the first floor of SCHALE! She seems to have started working about the same time Sensei was assigned to SCHALE. She's a little scared and not very good at talking to people, but she's still doing her best to serve customers!

Perhaps because the convenience store is rarely used by anyone other than Sensei, she can often be seen looking bored as she uses her cell phone.

Advertisement
Personality
Sora comes off as an introverted person as she acts pretty timid whenever other people are around, especially Sensei. Despite her timidness however, she gives her all in serving the customers of Angel 24.

Due to how rarely customers actually come into the store, Sora spends her free time on her phone.

Appearance
She has long, straight blonde hair, with the bangs parted in the middle and tied with ribbons behind each ear, making her forehead seem especially pronounced. Her eyes are light blue.

Her uniform consists of a polo shirt-style blouse, a striped bowtie, and a blue apron, which she wears with black shorts and sneakers.

Trivia
Her name "Sora" (ソラ) means "Sky".
She is the only character in this game that is confirmed to be around middle school/junior high school age, although her age remains unknown. This is without counting any collab characters like Saten Ruiko, Misaka Mikoto and Shokuhou Misaki who don't exactly belong to Kivotos.

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
N/A	N/A	N/A
School Year
Middle Schooler
School Club / Affiliation(s)
Angel 24
Occupation
Part-Time Employee (Cashier)
Hobby
N/A