“	If you have any questions, please have them prepared beforehand.	”
~ Asagiri Suou

Asagiri Suou (朝霧スオウ) is a non-playable character in Blue Archive who studies in Highlander Railroad Academy.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.3.1	Halo
1.3.2	Uniform
1.3.3	Firearm
2	Trivia
3	Navigation
Profile
Introduction
Asagiri Suou serves as a member of the Highlander Railroad School, where she holds the position of head supervision officer in the Central Control Center. Responsible for overseeing the school's railway operations.

She was originally unaffiliated with anyone, a delinquent who would travel from one place to another, before she was found by Nephthys Corporation. She was later moved to Highlander, and she rose through the ranks until her current position as supervisor.

Advertisement
Personality
Asagiri Suou emerges as a disciplined, mature, and reliable individual within the Highlander Railroad Academy. Her serious demeanor, reflected in her choice of attire and approach to tasks, underscores her commitment to excellence and unwavering dedication to her responsibilities.

Despite her quiet nature, Suou possesses a strong sense of duty and obedience, akin to that of a seasoned soldier, making her a dependable ally.

Suou's personality is further enriched by her nurturing and protective instincts, particularly towards the Tachibana twins, Hikari and Nozomi. Despite her serious demeanor, she exudes an older-sister vibe, displaying a caring and supportive attitude towards them. While she may scold them for their mistakes, Suou does so out of a desire to guide and teach them, ensuring they learn from their errors and take responsibility for their actions.

However, she is also searching for a sense of self, her purpose in life, which is sourced from her background as a delinquent going from places to places.

Appearance
Asagiri Suou sports short pale-beige hair with side bangs that reach just above her collarbone, while the backside of her hair extends only to the nape of her neck. Her fair skin complements her soft-green eye to her overall appearance.

It's currently unknown as to why she's wearing an eyepatch over her right eye, but it's revealed that her right eye is colored golden.

Halo
Suou's halo is shown to be a beige-like shade of yellow with a three pointed star decoration in the middle extending outward and cutting off the would-be-perfect circle halo, it also has a smaller, filled in circle within the said three pointed star decoration.

Uniform
Asagiri Suou's attire reflects practicality and functionality, with a black WW2 trench coat serving as her main outerwear. Alongside, she sports a matching color visor hat, alongside her shotgun holster that resemble a sword sheath, adding a touch of uniformity and authority to her ensemble. Her choice of footwear consists of simple black mid-calf boots.

Without her coat, Suou's under-uniform consist of a sleeve-less office shirt with a darker-colored tie and similar colored short skirt. She also have a heavy duty belt around her waist, allowing her to carry her Serbu Super-Shorty with ease. Her legs are covered by dark-colored nylons stocking.

Suou is one of the few students with a wounded portraits, showing her actively bleeding from many different locations unlike the other student's superficial scratches and black soot..

Firearm
She uses a Mossberg 500 Cruiser pump action shotgun as her primary weapon. Her secondary of choice is a Serbu Super-Shorty with a tan receiver. She's often seen wielding her shotguns with one hand.

Profile
School Club / Affiliation(s)
Highlander Railroad Academy

School	Affiliation
Highlander

Highlander	Highlander Supervision Office
SG
SG
Profile
Full Name	Asagiri Suou
朝霧あさぎり スオウ