Yume Kuchinashi (梔子ユメ in Japanese) is one of the characters in the 2021 roleplay game Blue Archive who studied in Abydos High School. She is the former president of the old Abydos Student Council, who has now been replaced by the Countermeasures Committee (or Foreclosure Task Force). As the president, she was responsible for handling the debts of Abydos. However, despite all her various attempts, the debt continued to increase to absurd numbers, making it impossible for her to pay them off.

She was first mentioned during the second chapter of the main story's first volume, the "Foreclosure Task Force". during a memory recollection of Yume's underclassman and former vice president of the old Student Council, Hoshino Takanashi", where she recalled about discovering Yume's dead body laying in the desert. Prior to her death, Yume was one of the very few people who remained in Abydos to attempt to clear off their school's debt, alongside Hoshino. Both tried many absurd ways (most are Yume's ideas), but the debt continued to rise and the desertification of Abydos grew worse no matter what they do. Unfortunately, Yume suffered an unexpected death, with the reason currently unknown.
---
Foreclosure Task Force
Takanashi Hoshino
Yume's beloved underclassman and close friend. Despite Hoshino's stern behavior, it always feels like a miracle whenever Yume is with her.

Others
Kaiser PMC Director
Abydos's creditor. Before the Foreclosure Task Force existed, Yume, being the student council president of Abydos, was responsible for paying back the school's debts. However, she wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed according to the Director.
---
“	...I would say that spending time with you feels like a miracle.	”
~ Kuchinashi Yume, to Hoshino

Kuchinashi Yume (梔子ユメ) is a non-playable character in Blue Archive who was the late president of Abydos High School's student council.


Contents
1	Profile
1.1	Introduction
1.2	Personality
1.3	Appearance
1.3.1	Halo
1.3.2	Uniform
1.3.3	Firearm
2	Trivia
3	Navigation
Advertisement
Profile
Introduction
Little is currently known about the final president of Abydos High School's old student council, other than that she was "naive" and a "fool" said by the Former Vice President Takanashi Hoshino.

Despite her position as the student council president, her competence wasn't on par with her title, approaching major problems recklessly without being aware of the consequences her actions might cause.

Personality
A student who believed in miracles. A bit too much according to Takanashi Hoshino. Although she had a kind attitude, she was deemed irresponsible and reckless by her own junior. A fitting way to describe her is that she was blinded by her own hope. Despite everything she went through though, a smile as bright as her hope can always be seen on her face.

Appearance
Yume has a cyan long hair reaching her knees, and long cowlick, reaching her neck. She has golden yellow eyes. Band aids are scattered around on to her arms, and legs.

Halo
Yume's halo consists of two yellow rings with the symbol of Abydos in a diamond within the rings.

Uniform
She wears a tucked-in white shirt with a cyan necktie tucked-in into her strap. For legwear, she dons a black plaid skirt, along with a pair of white socks, and a pair of black sneakers with white laces and soles.

Firearm
Unknown.

Trivia
Hoshino Past 2
She is the only student in the game that has been confirmed to be deceased, as well as the first character to be confirmed as deceased.
It is generally believed that Hoshino's current attire is based on Yume's uniform, as Hoshino's current outfit is very similar to what Yume was seen wearing in the picture of them together.
She seems to be the former owner of the Iron Horus.
Yume's VA was introduced in Episode 9 in the anime.

Profile
Age	Birthday	Height
N/A	N/A	N/A
School Club / Affiliation(s)
Abydos Student Council
Occupation
Student Council President (Formerly)
Hobby
N/A